 
Rakesh Gowda S N
Senior Associate Consultant | +91 8050802312
www.github.com/RakeshGowdaSN _ | http://eportfolio.greatlearning.in/rakesh-gqowda-s-n
www.linkedin.com/in/Rakesh-Gowda-S-N___| mailto:rakesh.sn1607@qmail.com
SUMMARY
> Aquick, relentless, continuous learner and enthusiastic about new challenges and
opportunities in the field of Artificial Intelligence (Al) and Machine Learning (ML).
> Looking forward to build products using innovative methods and be a pioneer in the field of
Intelligent automation and hyper automation.
> Always on the lookout for new and updated methods through articles and research papers
to improve the design and approach.
> Experience in requirement gathering, design, development, testing and change
management of overall 5 years (1.8 as VisionPlus developer and 3.2 as Machine Learning
Engineer).
> Domain Expertise — Cards and payments (Banking).
SKILLS
Technical skills: Classification, Regression, Clustering, Ensemble techniques, Dimension
reduction, Recommendation systems, TensorFlow, Keras, Convolutional Neural Networks
(CNN), Transfer Learning, Computer Vision, Natural language processing (NLP), Supervised
machine learning, Unsupervised machine learning, RNN, LSTM.
Programming Languages: Python, COBOL, Easytrieve
Project Management: Spira, Jira
Others: IBM-Z, py3270, Flask, Docker, Machine learning, Deep learning, GCP, Kubernetes
EXPERIENCE
Infosys - Senior Associate Consultant - EMEA
April 2021 - Present
e Maintain state-of-the-art technical expertise in artificial intelligence, machine learning and
software programming. Planning and executing complex and challenging technical
projects. Drive the client stakeholder engagement plan to scope the overarching
opportunity.
Attra Infotech — Senior Software Engineer - APAC
August 2016 - March 2021
e Early member of newly formed ML team to develop POC project for existing clients.
Worked on projects related to new product launch (credit cards), delinquency aging,
detecting fraudulent transactions, recommendation systems, NLP for statement change
etc.
