PROJECTS
> Tesco Platinum: This project was related to a new card launch (card upgrade). Using
the existing features like account open date, credit limit, delinquency, BOT criteria, block
codes, we built a classifier model to check whether the customer is eligible or not for the
new upgraded product. Here we used Logistic regression, Naive Bayes, KNN and SVM
models to train and test the data. Compared the results and implemented SVM model as
it was more suitable and efficient for the project compared to other models.
> Falcon I: This was the POC project we had worked on. It is a credit card transaction
fraud detection system. Here we used random sampling, outlier detection and removal,
PCA for dimensionality reduction, classification models like Logistic regression, Support
vector classifier, Random Forest classifier and KNN. Here as we had multiple features
and since it was a multiclass classification Random Forest performed well compared to
SVM and other models. SVM was computationally intensive for these kinds of scenarios
where we use huge data (large number of data points).
> X Entity: This project was designed to check the probability of a customer who is likely
to buy a new product across entities. Here we have used PCA for dimensionality
reduction as the project impacts whole base, SVM model, standardized the data, treated
outliers with z-score, KNN imputer, etc.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
> Advanced Computer Vision - Object Detection and recognition - The project
involves 4 sub segments. Part 1 Implement an object detection model for highlighting
human faces to automate the process of providing information of cast and crew while
streaming. Part 2 Curate a training dataset to be used for highlighting human faces. Part
3 Implement a face identification model for a company, which intends to recognize human
faces form images.
> CNN Architecture and Transfer Learning - This project involves 5 sub projects
including a CV powered GUI to solve the problem of a botanical research group. Part 1
Image classifier capable of determining a plant's species. Part 2 Detailed analysis on how
CNN is a better image classifier over traditional methods Part 3 Curating an image
dataset for a brand research company Part 4 Image classifier capable of determining a
flower’s species Part 5 Submit the strategy to maintain and support the AIML the model in
production.
> Sequential NLP — This project 2 sub projects. Part 1 (Sentiment Analysis): Build a
sequential NLP classifier which can use input text parameters to determine the customer
sentiments. Part 2 (Sarcasm Detection): Build a sequential NLP classifier which can use
input text parameters to determine the customer sentiments.
> Statistical NLP — This project involves 2 sub projects including an interactive semi - rule
based chatbot. Part 1 The need is to build an NLP classifier which can use input text
parameters to determine the label/s of the blog. Part 2 A semi rule-based chat bot which
can accept dynamic text-based questions from the user and reply back with relevant
answer from the designed corpus.
