Rohan Gandhi
Data Science | Machine Learning | Python Developer
Mob : +91 8070071234
Email : gandhirohan33@gmail.com
 
To associate with an Organization which dynamically gives me a chance to improve my Knowledge,
upgrade my skills and could take part in the growth of the Organization.
© 2 years experienced in Python, Machine Learning Engineer and Data science with the ability to
apply ML techniques and algorithm development to solve real-world business problems.
e Highly adept at machine learning technique clustering and classification, statistical modeling,
NLF, data analysis and data visualization to increase business efficiency.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
A detail oriented professional with 2 years of experience in Python, Machine
Learning and Data Science with expertise in Financial Domain.
Knowledge in Statistical Programming Methods and implementation.
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise and
actionable manner.
Ability to formulate and plan analytic solutions, logically develop project milestones,
and autonomously manage work to deliver against milestone commitments.
Work independently and in a team environment in order to achieve personal and team
goals and complete assignments within established time frames.
Discover and derive insights from large data sets of structured and semi-structured data.
Collaborate with Business teams and executive teams to develop novel, practical,
and operationalized analytics that drive explicit business value at the customer
level.
Combine strengths in data management, analysis, applied statistics
and visualization capabilities.
Develop data analysis solutions based on descriptive analyses and predictive models.
Strong verbal and written communication, interpersonal, decision-making, problem
solving and customer service skills Strong in Communication & Team coordination.
Good Knowledge in-depth Understanding of the Problem domain and Available data
Assets
Knowledge Research, design, implement and evaluate machine learning
approaches and models.
Perform ad-hoc exploratory statistics / data mining tasks on diverse datasets -
small scale to big data.
Participate in data architecture and engineering decision-making to support analytics.
Performing the Initiative in evaluating and adapting new approaches from data
science research.
Investigate data visualization and summarization techniques.
Communicate findings and obstacles to stakeholders to help drive the delivery to market.
