Rohan Chauhan
Microsoft Certified Azure Data Scientist
Email: rohanchauhan22@gmail.com | Mobile: +91 79911 54440 | Website: rohanchauhan.co.in
EXPERIENCE
Data Scientist - The Shortcut, Finland, Dec 2019 - Mar 2020
Led a team of 5 interns for developing the internal dashboard project. Accelerated project development by
spearheading the documentation process. Worked with 2 more interns to train more than 25 data analysts
in python and SQL. Provided useful insights on KPI using BI dashboards.
Machine Learning Research Assistant - Aalto University, Finland, Oct 2017 - Feb 2019
Developed a broad crawler for crawling 1000 fake news websites and analyzed their network in the data
mining group. Designed a method for expert knowledge elicitation from drawing in the probabilistic
machine learning group.
PROJECTS
Incident Management Report- Power BI, DAX
The incident management data has been taken from UCI Repository. The report provides the current status
of the system and further analysis for increasing uptime. LINK
Azure MLOps Pipeline - Python, Sklearn, Azure SDK, Github Actions
Simple demonstration project for CI/CD pipeline using Azure Machine Learning and Github Actions. LINK
Lead Scoring Batch Inference Pipeline- Spark, PySpark, MLflow, Azure SDK
We use PySpark to train the model and MLflow to track the experiment. After training the model, we deploy
a batch inference pipeline on Azure and test it using a batch of csv from the marketing dataset. LINK
Quality Prediction Real Time Inference Service - Python, Sklearn, Azure SDK, ACI
In this project, we train a quality prediction model on a UCI wine dataset and deploy the model as a real
time web service. We consume the endpoint using HTTP requests. LINK
Credit Risk Classification AutoML Interpretable Model- Python, Azure SDK
We use Azure AutoML to train a model on credit risk dataset and use Permutation Feature Importance
(PFI) Explainer to provide explanations for predictions of the credit risk model. LINK
EDUCATION
Aalto University, Finland, Jun 2019
MS, Machine Learning, Data Science and Artificial intelligence
KIIT University, India, April 2017
BTech, Computer Science and Engineering
CERTIFICATION
Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals - Compute, Security, Network
Microsoft Certified: Azure Data Fundamentals - Storage, Databases, Orchestration
Microsoft Certified: Azure AI Fundamentals - APIs for CV, NLP, Conversational
Microsoft Certified: Power Platform Fundamentals - Automate, App, Chatbots
Microsoft Certified: Azure Data Scientist Associate - SDK, ML Pipelines, Databricks
