RUPESH $
Data Analyst
 
Experienced Data Analyst with full flexible of inspecting, cleansing, transforming
and modelling data with the goal of discovering useful information, informing
conclusions and supporting decision-making.
 
&) 9790637125 © rupeshsubramani@gmail.com
EDUCATION
July 2019 - December 2019
SSN School of Advanced Career Education, Chennai, Tamil Nadu
Post Graduate Diploma in Business Analytics & Data Science, 9GPA
June 2016 - April 2019
Sri Sairam Engineering College, Chennai, Tamil Nadu
B.E - Mechanical Engineering, 9GPA
EXPERIENCE
June 2020 - present
Solverminds Solutions and Technologies Pvt Ltd
Position: Data Analyst
1) Time Series Forecasting Project - SEDGE Product
a) Developed Time series forecasting for SEDGE product from scratch exploring the data to forecasting
future periods.Applied visual Analytics for TSA is Resampling method (Up & Down sampling), Seasonal Decomposition
(Trend, Seasonality, Residual), Stationarity check (Rolling statistics, ADF Test, KPSS Test, Granular Casuality test, Co-
integration Test), ACF & PACF plots.
b) Used Algorithms- SES, AR, MA, Holtliner, HWES, ARIMA, SARIMA, AUTO-ARIMA, VAR, VARMAX, FB-Prophet.
c) Created LSTM model for time series data to get better accuracy and also LSTM models have capability to
learn long term sequence of data
d) Developed project report book for future analysis and project scheduled work using MS Project.
2) OCR Project - SEDGE Product
a) Developed OCR function code to extract the string from given image used technologies are tesseract and
google cloud platform.
b) Once extracted the string we are translating text from one language to another language using google
translator.
c) Finally we converted text-to-speech using gTTS package.
d) Developed project report book for future analysis and project scheduled work using MS Project.
3) ETL Project - Keppel Smit Towage Company, Singapore Client
a) Combined 3 Databases (MS-SQL, Postgresql, MySQL) and pushed to AWS MYSQL server using talend open
studio.
b) Based on PowerBl edit query we created mapping work in Talend tool which are used for powerBi
visualization.
c) Developed project report book for future analysis and project scheduled work using MS Project.
4) Email Parser Python Automation Project - Hapag Lloyd, Germany Client
a) The aim of this project is to automate manual ticket raising to JIRA Tool and created function code based
on client given flowchart.
b) Created MySQL DB to store all ticket details which is extracted from JIRA Tool
c) Based on scheduler the python script will run
d) Devel dped Project report book for future analysis and project scheduled work using MS Project. ue
_ AFT
