Name: Sreeyapureddy Sai Srikar Reddy
Email: saisrikarreddy98@gmail.com PH: 7660001745
System’s Engineer | Machine Learning Developer
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
System’s Engineer with 2+ years of experience in analysis, development, testing and implementing
frameworks like flask, django along with connecting front-end applications.
Hands on experience in building Rich reusable algorithms using Python, OpenCV, Deep Learning and
Machine learning algorithms.
Expertise in design and development of frameworks like Flask, Django and API calls from
GCP/Azure.
Deep understanding of Python concepts including Lists, Tuples, Dictionary, Exception handling,
Functions, List Comprehensions.
Expertise in working on various packages like Pandas, Scikit learn, Numpy, PIL, OpenCV, Scipy,
Matplotlib, Seaborn, NLTK, Keras, Tensorflow.
Experienced in Robotic Process Automation using Selenium web driver along with python.
Test driven programmer with through knowledge in Unit testing with using pytest and using manual
testing whenever required.
Experience in working with relational and non-relational databases like Mongo DB, MySQL.
Expertise in manually developing log files which is incorporated in code which can be reusable in all
python related usecases.
Worked with Microsoft teams planner for tracking stories progress, follow agile methodology and
sprint planning.
Experience in development and deployment of applications in Client environments using WINSCP.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
System’s Engineer | Machine Learning Engineer | Technical Team Lead
Trivandrum, India Mar 2021 — Present
Roles and Responsibilities:
Followed Agile Scrum methodology that include iterative application development and stand-up
meetings by involving in various phases of development cycle starting from requirements gathering to
deploying in client environment.
Responsible in developing reusable code by making a minimum of 40% code reusable.
Responsible for leading 5 teams and 40 members in developing multiple projects in parallel.
Implemented Deep Learning algorithms on Image and Text data.
Responsible in training 100 associates on Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Python along with
Hands-on.
