Sandeep Kumar
(+91) 7060334397
skgrewal.95@gmail.com
EDUCATION
Indian Institute Of Technology, Roorkee
Bachelors of Technology
TECHNICAL STRENGTHS
Programming Languages: Python, PySpark, Sql.
Packages: Pandas, Numpy, Seaborn, Scikit-learn,Matplotlib, NLTK,plot.ly
Tools : Anaconda (Spyder, Jupyter notebook), databricks,Hdinsight, HDFS, Apache Kafka
Machine Learning: Classification, Regression, Time series prediction, NLP
Cloud Platform: Azure, AWS
Tools: GitHub, Jira , Assembla.
OS: Windows, Linux(Ubuntu), Debian.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Ath July 2018 — Present
Associate Data Scientist, ATCS, Jaipur
Recommendation engine for repair of automobiles : This product is a recommendation engine for a luxury
automobile. Implemented in python and sql on Azure cloud platform. Currently being used in over 30
countries by 3000 dealers.
— Historical repair data and master data for repairs is used to build recommendations.
— Used various statistical filters for data preprocessing and selection. Forest mapping is used to
build operation chain.Similar parts are categorised into one based string similarity techniques.
— Technique Used : Collaborative filtering, Z- score, cosine similarity.
SEGMENTATION AND CHURN PREDICTION : This project is aimed at conversion of existing customers as
potential new customers for lease and finance vehicles and finding the churn customer.
— created multivariate classification attribution model and segmentation model using K-means
clustering.
— Utilized high dimensional user service and financials dataset using PCA, LDA and Kernel
approximation.Developed additive scoring method for marketing team.
— Deployed SGD, Logistic regression, random forest and XGBoost for classification model to boost
sales by 30%
PREVENTIVE MAINTENANCE : We analyzed machine data to predict the anomaly in the machine.
— Classification models are used( logistic, LSTM and random forest) to categorise.
— Real time sensor data is utilized. Dashboard is created for monitoring the live status.
