Competencies
Machine Learning Algorithms:
Linear Regression, Logistic
Regression, Bagging,
Boosting, Clustering
Deep Learning Techniques:
CNN, RNN, LSTM, GRU, DNN,GAN
Statistical Computing Methods:
A/B Testing, Hypothesis Testing, P-
Value method, Critical Value
method.
Natural Language Processing:
NLU, NER, POS Tagging, -
Exploratory Data Analysis:
Statistics, ,.Data Cleaning, Plotting
Exploratory Data Analysis:
Statistics, ,.Data Cleaning, Plotting
ML/DL packages : Sklearn, Keras,
Tensorflow, Pandas, Scipy, NumPY
Deployment: Flask, Docker, AWS
Visualization : Matplotlib,
Seaborn
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Software Quality Engineer Nov '19
NCR Back Office | NCR Corporation Hyderabad, IN
NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) is a leading software- and services-led enterprise provider in the financial,
retail and hospitality industries
- Present
Data Analysis & Data visualisations
e Implemented exploratory data analysis on NBO BTS data from Jira and Created
insights for cause and effect of Defects in components of NBO
e Produced visualisations and data analysis to senior management and Received
appreciation for uncovering hidden trends
e Identifying and analyzing the impact of various factors like priority,severity and
component in defect resolution time.
Data Processing & Modeling
e Organizing huge data sets effectively via advanced querying, visualization, and
analytics tools.
e Contributed in data cleaning , data preprocessing using NLP modules.
e Performed Feature extraction,data transformation and data validation.
e Part of Model building and Evaluation.
e Experimented with logistic regression,Naive bayes ,also with tree models like decision
trees ,Random forest and XGboosting.
¢ XGBoosting performed better in bug priority prediction with an AUC score of 86% and
with decent precision,recall and F1-measure for different classes of target priority
variable.
Strategy Formulation
e Contributing to the formulation of strategies across business unit, distribution
channels and product lines.
e Delay inthe Maintenance releases with fixes to customer raised complaints or defects
caused client dissatisfaction and Escalations.
e Contribution to BUG triage in development of automatic assist model which increased
the speed and accuracy at which a bug can be assigned with priority.
e Accelerated the defect resolution time by Automation of bug priority which in turn
improved customer satisfaction
NBO Report Generation & Comparison
e Creating,deploying and maintaining CICD pipeline for NBO reports generation and
comparison
e Generated report data across two code versions are compared and any difference
introduced due to code changes are reported to dev
e Programmed Framework using Business driven Development framework with c#
¢ Conducted and participated on knowledge sharing session of NBO application
