DATA SCIENTIST
PROFILE SUMMARY
Experienced and driven data scientist with 2 years of experience in
advanced predictive analytics with main focus on consumer
analytics in the industry. A candidate with strong background in
developing predictive models from scratch using the knowledge of
techniques like Data Science & Machine Learning Techniques.
SAURAV KUMAR OJHA
WORK EXPERIENCE
Data Scientist
Data Scientist
9 Bangalore Infinito Solution | Aug 2019- present
Project-Sales Forecasting for retail domain(Client- 99 cents Store)
&@ saurav.ojha29@gmail.com
1.The project aimed at forecasting (Time Series Analysis) of sales of
+91-9661597057 products which are profitable to the store and develop a predictive
model from scratch using concepts of algorithms (ARIMA, Exponential
LinkedIn:- Smoothing) and R programming language and to forecast them based
www.linkedin.com/in/saurav-kumar-ojha on the business problem shared by the Client.
2.To understand the Business problem and interact with the client on
SKILLS SUMMARY regular basis to get more and deep insight of the data shared by the
client.
Python, R Programming, SQL, 3.To do exploratory data analysis on the data which includes to prepare
Tableau, Excel, Machine the quality data for model building. This was being done with the help
Learning, Deep Learning, Time of the programming language -R.
Series Analysis, Artificial 4,.Leveraged 50k+ reviews to develop sentiment analysis model that
Intelligence, Natural Language helped sales improved and marketing strategies.
Processing(NLP) Pandas, 5.To recommend measurable actions and provide deep understanding of
Numpy, Scikit Learn, Seaborn, forecasting using packages of R and ARIMA model to predict the future
WeeluelColdti oMmets40) (oh #2 lV] olalel-la-e sales.
dplyr, caTools, MLmetrics,
Data Mining, Statistical
Analysis, Exploratory Data
Analysis(EDA) Linear
Regression, Logistic
Regression, Decision Tree,
Project- Bank Marketing Campaign For Term Deposit(Client-Northfield
Bank)
1.In this project, we applied machine learning algorithms to build a
predictive model of the data set to provide a necessary suggestion for
marketing campaign team. The goal is to predict whether a client will
subscribe a term deposit or not.
Random Forest, K-Means
Clustering, ARIMA,
HOBIES
Playing Outdoor
Sports, Travelling,
Movies & Series
LANGUAGES
English
Hindi
Bengali
 
2.To fetch the data from the database based on the business criterion
and load the same in the csv file for further processing using python.
3.To select the important variables and deep dive in the patterns
followed in the data set to understand the client’s problem.
4.To develop the predictive model (term deposit) using decision tree and
random forest algorithm about the probability that the customer will
subscribe the term deposit or not.
5. This project was done with the help of the programming language -
python.
EDUCATION
BCA
Swami Vivekananda Institute Of Modern Science
July 2014-July 2017
