Shahbaj Beg
Data Analyst -- Flipkart
Data scientist professional having approx. 3 years of industrial experience in analytics, Skilled professional at creating Machine
Learning models, predictive modelling, analyzing data mining algorithms to deliver insights and implement action-oriented
solutions to complex business problems seeking an opportunity with your organization to contribute in growth of your business in
todays data driven world.
><]
shahwazb@gmail.com
f
9770204104
9
BTM Layout, Bangalore,
Bangalore, Inida
in
linkedin.com/in/shahbaj-beg-
2b70a910b
github.com/SB2505
SKILLS
Python
MYSQL TABLEAU
o
Machine learning
Natural language
processing/Text Mining
Clustering
Classification
Data mining, Data
 
extraction.
stastical modelling
RFM Analysis
 
LANGUAGES
English
Native or Bilingual Proficiency
Hindi
Native or Bilingual Proficiency
 
WORK EXPERIENCE
Data Analyst
Flipkart Internet pvt ltd Via Joules to watt Business Solution.
05/2021 - Present
An E-Commerce comapny
Achievements/Tasks
O Built out the data and reporting infrastructure from the ground up using Python, Google api to
improve the performance of CRM Channles and to increase the conversion rate.
Bangalore
O Worked with cross-functional teams such as Sales and marketing to structure problems, identify
appropriate data sources, extract data and provide the meaningful insights.
Oo Performed the automation of dashboards using SQL and Power bi which has reduced a
significant amount of time For the team.
O Worked with large amount of data, utilized Teradata, Written complex SQL queries to pull the
data From different sources.
Jr Data Scientist
ECAPS, Bangalore
12/2019 - 05/2021
Ecaps is a payment company based on Bangalore, mainly works in open banking system and Money transfer.
Achievements/Task
O Performed data mining, data cleaning, and data pre-processing for the Predictive modelling
using classification machine learning algorithms,collaboration with analytics team.
O Identifies most valuable potential retailers for promoted products through a series of sales
behavior analysis: RFM analysis, basketing, clustering analysis, Segmentation and profiling For
increasing response rate, sales and incentive discount optimization
O Worked on machine learning algorithms like Regression, Classification, Clustering etc, Optimize
models output result and validate model.
 Collaborate with various stakeholders (e.g. tech, product,) to understand and design best
solutions which can be implemented
Analyst- Business intelligence
India Vigyapan
02/2017 - 04/2018
A digital marketing company
Achievements/Tasks
O Performed both advanced qualitative and quantitative analysis of high volume data bases, to
identify trends, patterns and correlations that could improve overall business performance.
Indore India
O Provide data backed business insight for better decision making using large data set and
bringing out insight From data.
O Developed dashborads/analytics report using Tableau/Excel to enable review decision making
and continuously engaged with Functional teams to support decision making.
EDUCATION
PGP - Data science and engineering
Great lakes Institute of Management
03/2019 - 09/2019 Bangalore
Bachelor of engineering
RGPV, Bhopal
07/2012 - 06/2016 Bhoapl
