Shashank Kodhati Email :
in
 
i Y Mobile : +91-8919315110
EDUCATION
; National Institute of Technology Karnataka, Surathkal 2019
Karnataka, India B.Tech, Mining Engineering- 8.25 CGPA
; Govt Science College-IGNOU 2020-2021
Karnataka, India PG, Pg Diploma in Applied Statistics - Pursuing
EXPERIENCE
; Quantiphi Analytics Bangalore,India
Data Engineer May 2019 - May 2021
e Qognition - AI:
o A UI based training and inference platform for different NLP tasks that has features for fine tuning of model on
different datasets. Google AI Platform was used for model training and deployment.
o A generic ETL pipeline for pre-processing is developed in Apache beam to create tf-records for training the ML
model for text Summarization .
o Created Flask API endpoint for the deployment of text summarization model on Docker for online inference.
e Operational Data lake :
o Humongous real time data pipeline is built using pub-sub and data flow where data is stored across Neo4j for
establishing relationships, in big query and timescale db for KPI Metrics.
o To lower the operational costs, provisioned Timescale db across 3 nodes for high availability, faster query
performance and almost achieved the performance of big-query using optimization techniques.
o Timescale db is employed for back filling operations and Calculated KPI metrics are visualized in Looker
e Computer Vision for Safety:
o Computer Vision pipeline is for safety in parks, resorts, etc. This involves generating real-time safety alerts using
applications of computer vision on the live camera feed.
o Built a custom solution for classification on top of Object Detection model based on SSD Algorithm followed by a
rule-based approach to describe the cause for movement of the hand during movement of the passage.
o Developed Flask API to trigger model deployed on Kubernetes engine to infer the results on video for
action(stand/sit) with an average latency of 0.3s
e DriveBoard(Product) :
o One-stop platform for all the DevOps activities which include Infrastructure provisioning, security checks, template
generator, Git and Jira Project creation, etc are developed using Django as back end.
o This product minimized the time of Infra provisioning by about 1 day, Security Checks while provisioning reduced
attacks and real-time alerts for project helped in minimizing costs.
e Cyber attack Prediction on websites :
o Kafka is employed in building near real time streaming pipeline on web logs and pre processed data is stored in
HDFS for re-training.
o The web logs are sent to model hosted on ECS and able to classify in 4-5 seconds.
o A batch job is built on web logs where data from HDF%S is further processed and sent to model for Prediction.
