ACHIVEMENTS
e National Scholarship: Recipient of National Scholarship (based on the merit list of Higher Secondary
Examination 2012) from Department of Education, Ministry of Human Resource Development,
e Outstanding performance: Within my first year in TCS | had been awarded TCS Gems for outstanding
performance as a production support member by keeping pending ticket count as O.
e TCS FS Ideathon : Achieved TOP 10 spot in TCS FS Ideathon for given idea on — “Implementation of
Blockchain in Insurance Claim processing”.
e Technical Excellence Award: Received “Technical Excellence Award” from TCS for contribution in
project in SQL, Python and HTMLS.
e Certifications: Completed and acquired certifications on “Python for Machine Learning” , ”Machine
Learning” , "Deep Learning” , “Machine Learning Specialization” from E & ICT Academy , IIT Roorkee in
association with Cloudxlab . Cognitive Al Certification by IBM.
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS
Qualification Institution
12th(WBCHSE) Jenkins School West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education
(WBCHSE)
B.Tech(WBUT) Techno India Salt Lake West Bengal Institute of Technology (WBUT)
 
PROJECTS
BaNCsS: GENISYS CONFIGURATOR
Client: United India Insurance Company (UIIC)
Genisys Configurator is equipped with an entire suite of components to meet the complete
needs of a typical insurance organization. Configurator comprises the following key
components, which interact among themselves through well-defined interfaces
TPA Dashboard : In case of Health Claims, one dashboard is created using Python (Dash and
Plotly) with real time data which will reflect performance of TPAs to customer. It was showing
Average TATs for Claim Intimation, Settlement and Payment. Also it had Claim processing
count per RO/ Region wise. It was real time data analysis by data visualization with stacked bar
graph for Health.
License plate matching with RC Book: To make claim processing faster, this OpenCV project
was done. It takes image of the number from car’s number plate and match with RC book of
that same Insured’s record. Also it checks the given information is valid or not and the claim is
not fraudulent. It reduces effort and cost of Intermediary to make the claim processing faster
and cheaper.
