Achievements
¢ Calicut university Rank holder (B.Tech- 2013-2017)
¢ Elected as school head girl.
e Participated in intracollege arts competition.
Academic Activities
¢ Presented paper in National Conference on ’Innovations in Engineering & Technology.”
¢ Presented paper in Conference on ’PG Research Conclave 2019”
¢ Participated in Seminar on Character Recognition.
¢ Participated for Paper Presentation in Tech fest in inter college level.
Paper Published
¢ Published a paper in IIARCCE entitled Survey on satirical news detection and analysis using attention
mechanism and linguistics features” in National Conference on ’Innovations in Engineering & Technology”
e Published a paper entitled Hoax News Detection : Transfer Learning over Deep Learning” in PG - Research
Conclave 2019.
Projects
e Library Management System(B.Tech Mini Project)
Language: Php
Description: Created a Web Based Application in order to solve the difficulties which was facing by the
students and the faculties during the different functionalities of existing library management system. The
concepts of php, and mysql were used to develop the application.
Election Data Analysis using Machine Learning (B.Tech Main Project)
Language: R, Php
Description: It is a concept of using social media to understand the public opinion and trend in the election
time, and there by predict the election winner by analyze these tweets and sentiments from social networks
regarding the elections. It’s an machine learning project implemented by Nave Bayes and SVM algorithms.
The same uses the help of R language for the extraction of data. And also the php and mysql concepts.
e Structure Recognition and Information Extraction From Scholarly Articles (M.Tech Mini Project)
Language: Python
Description: Developed a text classification algorithm that follows a multi-pass sieve framework to
automatically classify PDF text snippets(for brevity, texts) into Title, Abstract, Body text, Semi
structure, and Metadata categories. The Rule based classification is implemented with the support of
Python Language.
The project code can be accessed here: https://github.com/Gayathri-G-Nair/PDF_ Information Extraction
¢ Hoax News Detection: Transfer Learning Approach (M.Tech Main Project)
Language: Python
Description: Given a news article, the hoax news detection system is to identify whether the given news
article is a fake news piece or not using Transfer Learning approach. For Transfer learning used ULMFiT. And also
compared the results with different deep learning models like Long Short Term Memory (LSTM), and
Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with the Python implementation.
The project code can be accessed here: https://github.com/Gayathri-G-Nair/Hoax_News Detection-A_ Transfer Learning Approach
¢ A high speed implementation of counter mode cryptography using hardware parallelism. (As part of B.Tech
curriculam)
 
¢ Disambiguating context dependent polarity of words An Information retrieval approach. (As part of M.Tech
curriculam)
e Satirical News Detection Using Attention Mechanism and Linguistic Features. (As part of M.Tech curriculam)
