HAMEED ALI SHAIK
hameidshaik@gmail.com +91-9110363774
PROFILE SUMMARY
Over 3 years of Experience in in Data Science and Data Analysis with capability to quickly understand
business requirements & apply business logic to solve complex problems
Skilled in Machine Learning Algorithms entailing in Multiple Linear Regression, Logistic Regression,
Decision Trees, Random Forest, KNN, K-means Clustering
Proficient in Deep Learning Algorithm such as Neural Network, CNN, LSTM.
Proficient in Natural Language Processing.
Hands-on experience in using Python, SQL, R
Insightful knowledge of Tableau, Excel.
Expertise in using analytical processes and techniques to improve and optimize information and decision
systems.
Responsible for deliverables.
Knowledge and experience of Microsoft Office tools like MS Access, MS word, MS PowerPoint andMS
Excel.
Ability to meet tight deadlines, quick learner, good interpersonal skills and team player.
Excellent communication and management skills
SKILLS
Data Science Tools: Python, Oracle SQL, R
Machine Learning Algorithms: Multiple Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random
forest, KNN, K-means Clustering, Hierarchical Clustering.
Deep Learning Algorithms: Neural Network, CNN, RNN, LSTM.
Visualization tools: Tableau, Power BI, Excel.
WORK EXPERIENCE
TechNVision Ventures Limited (Solix Group) Feb. 2018 — Present
Jr Software Engineer Hyderabad, Telangana
Designation: Jr Software Engineer
Roles and Responsibilities:
Understanding the Business requirement document and analyzing the data as per client required formats.
Participated in requirement gatherings.
Built some key performance dashboards and maintaining the tableau server.
Interacting with database team to get the required data from the database based on theclient requirements
for tableau dashboards and machine learning models.
Preparing PPT for presentations and basic document for each project
Understanding the new enhancements in the application and sharing knowledge with team members.
