miclaisiau elaatcla
A proactive and fast learning individual seeking an opportunity to work as a dynamic Data Scientist, utilizing analytical &
methodical skills and relevant expertise to help the company achieve business goals while sticking to vision, mission and
values.
D< fmol arelasialereene|aarellneolan [] 09493352125
WORK EXPERIENCE
Data Scientist
Wipro
08/2018 - Present
Achievements/ Tasks
® Design data modeling processes to create algorithms
and predictive models and perform custom analysis.
° Manipulate large data sets and use them to identify
trends and reach meaningful conclusions to inform
strategic business decisions.
® Implement algorithms and statistical models to enable
a computer to automatically learn from data.
PROJECTS
1.Loan Approved for predicting Defaulters
(08/2018 - Present)
® Exploratory Data Analysis on Loan Customer Datasets.
Identifying the missing values and filling missing data with
imputation techniques. Identifying categorical values and
changing categorical to numerical data.
® Exploratory Data Analysis on Loan Customer Datasets.We
creating the dummy variables and concate the dummy
values into the Data.Checking with correlation with training
Data.
® Separating the feature variable and target variable. We need
to split our dataset into two sets - a Training data set anda
Test data set.
® We build machine learning models one by one.Ran a Decision
Tree model on most important columns and obtained good
values of sensitivity and specificity.
EDUCATION
B.TECh
Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of Technology
2018
Courses
® Comupter Science and
Engineering
\e) syolaletele)commlalelte! Ta WallalcoxellaKexelaaVAlaV Aone akele)s¥/
 
SKILLS
Pee Pees Pat Pe Pp cee fio
ACHIEVEMENTS
INSOFE scholarship for being one of the top
performer in the course
Secured 1 st prize for presenting a topic as Andriod
Anotomy and physiology in KORM, Kadapa.
Secured 3 rd prize for presenting a topic as Andriod
In CBIT,
CERTIFICATES
CPEE Big Data Analytics and Optimization ,(INSOFE)
(08/2017 - Present)
IBM SPSS MODELER 18.0 VERSION
(03/2020 - Present)
LANGUAGES
English Telugu
Full Professional Proficiency Native or Bilingual Proficiency
INTERESTS
Blockchian dockers
