HARSHAL KULKARNI
Flat No. 22 & 23, Pratibha Residency, Phone: +91 93078688 12
Wakdewadi, Old Pune Mumbai Highway, E-mail: harshalkulkarni92@qmail.com
Pune: 411003 LinkedIn: Linkedin Profile
GitHub: Github Profile
A Data Scientist and lifelong learner with demonstrated success delivering innovative and actionable
Machine Learning solutions, partnering cross functionally, and presenting to all levels of leadership
Analytical Programs, tools & platforms: R, Python, SQL, Azure Synapse Analytics, Databricks, R Studio, Spyder,
Jupyter Notebook, Power Bl, Tableau
Real world experience with: Regression, Classification, NLP, Ensemble Learning, Feature Engineering, Model
Evaluation, Pipelines, Data Wrangling, Data Storytelling
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited, Pune, India Jan 2020 - Ongoing
Manager Analytics & BIU
e Created Propensity models for Existing and Prospect Customers for different business verticals. Tested and
verified the created model by calculating efficacy and campaign leads.
Utilized NLP and regex to extract key words and digit such as extracting salary or credit/debit date from
huge unstructured text data.
Implemented key data centric projects and coordinated with marketing and various teams within the
company to increase business output.
Optimized and Automated SQL Script. Slice and dice huge amount of data in Microsoft SQL server in cloud
environment to understand and analyze the pattern and trend.
Oh! White, Paris, France June 2017 — May 2018
Junior Data Scientist
e Converted business problem to data problem and provided solution to the data problem by being part of
Data Science Life-Cycle process and applying structured thinking and communication.
e Generated hypothesis, collected data, applied data transformation, conducted Exploratory data analysis,
build the model and implemented the model according to the data problem at hand.
e Worked cross-functionally to implement best analytical practices across the organization.
Market Forward — Publicis Group Company, Paris, France July 2016 — Jan 2017
Data Analyst Intern
e Applied data wrangling process and provided clean data to BI team for reporting.
e Conducted proof of concept to select appropriate BI tool and produced functional and technical
specification documents to integrate BI tool into companies existing solution.
e Automated Ad-hoc reporting process which significantly reduced number of analyst hours for reporting.
Pungliya Tyres, Pune, India May 2014 -— May 2015
Data Analyst Trainee
e Created and analyzed KPI dashboards to report on and track the health of the business, dashboard
influenced business decision.
e Provided solutions to various stakeholders utilizing root cause analysis to uncover opportunities for
improvement, provided recommendations to the business.
e Prioritized workload including communications with various stakeholders.
CERTIFICATION
Al & ML Black Belt Analytics Vidhya Ongoing
Data Scientist Nanodegree Udacity March 2019
Data Analyst Nanodegree Udacity Nov 2018
EDUCATION
ESIEE PARIS, Paris, France M.Sc. Management in Information Systems Sept 2015 — May 2017
University of Pune, Pune, India B.Sc. Computer Science June 2010 — April 2014
