HIMANSHI JATIA
Associate - Analytics, Al & Analytics
 
& himanshijatia.du.or.18@gmail.com
@ +91-9871180256
EDUCATION
RAMJAS COLLEGE, UNIVERSITY OF DELHI
M.Sc. Operational Research (2016- 2018) | 71%
LADY SHRI RAM COLLEGE (UNIVERSITY OF DELHI)
B.Sc. (H) Statistics (2013-2016) | 69.5%
KV SCHOOL
XII (2013) | 86%
DBN SCHOOL
X (2011) | 76.9%
SKILLS
e Statistical tools: R, SPSS and Python.
e Other tools: SQL, MS Excel and VBA
e Visualization tool: Power BI
e Statistical Techniques: Decision Tree, Time Series
Analysis, Linear & Logistic Regression, KNN and other
Machine Learning Algorithms
CO-CURRICULAR
e Worked in Child Development Programme-
NSS, LSR (2014-2015)
e Volunteered for academics in NGO “Chehel”
(2015-2016).
e Vice President at Meghdoot Hostel (2017-2018)
e Volunteer with Outreach, Cognizant’s employee
led grassroots social initiatives program (2019 -
Till Present)
e Mentoring at Freedom Employability
Academy.
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Cognizant Technology Solutions
September 2018 — Till Present
Associate, Artificial Intelligence and Analytics
SUMMARY
e Analytics profession with experience in Life -Sciences analytics, Sales and
Marketing Analytics, BI Reporting and statistical analysis.
e Extensive experience in analyzing and translating business requirements
into technical requirements, gathering business requirements,
implementing effective business solutions and building models and
exploring automation opportunities & implementation for clients.
e Managing a team of 7 associates and understands how to drive and direct
team members effectively to meet project goals and challenges.
WORK EXPERIENCE
ASSOCIATE - ANALYTICS, Al & ANALYTICS
Cognizant Technology Solutions (Sep 2018 - Present)
1. Customer Analytics Descriptive Analytics & DBA&M:
e Work cross-functionally with Sales and Operations teams to provide data-driven
recommendations and solutions to clients.
e Work on business requirement from client, provide support of Business
Development, Sales operation, and provide analytical solution on Patient level data.
e — Provided end to end support to client from Data management to analysis and finally
deliver output in the form of deck.
e Patient & Physician Level Analytics, Drug Performance review, building predictive
models on datasets by utilizing statistical modelling and machine learning techniques.
e Work on sales Dashboard using BI tools in which it captures the weekly/monthly
performance of the representatives and regional manager.
e Work on business review decks and Ad-hoc analysis requests as required by
client. Develop and automate key reporting processes.
e Experienced in the Incentive Compensation Domain in Pharmaceuticals.
e Work on Patient level alerts dashboards using Power BI tool to Develop clear
visualizations to convey complex ideas.
2. Sales Forecasting for Inventory Management: Predicted future sales of a
medicine brand for inventory management using forecasting techniques like ARIMA,
SARIMA, Exponential smoothing and moving average modelling techniques.
3. Marketing Mix Modelling: To calculate the Return on investment for different
modes of channels used for promotion of brand. Provide end to end support to client
from Data management to analysis and finally deliver output in the form of deck.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
1. The factors affecting the number of students going for the college trip
e Collection of primary data done through survey at hostel, college and nearby
PGs by interviewing the students.
e Determine factors affecting no. of students going for the college trip using
Multiple Linear Regression Analysis.
e Formulated significant Regression model after eliminating insignificant
variables.
2. Passenger satisfaction on services provided at Railway Platform.
e Conducted survey on passengers of Ajmer Railway station using
questionnaire.
e Determine the factors affecting the Passengers satisfaction using Factor
Analysis Technique. Determine independency of nominal variables using
Chi-square test. Performed SWOT Analysis.
