Academic Projects
Theoretical Analysis in Machining of Hard Metal during Electro-Spark Diamond Grinding
e A Mathematical Model for Material Removal Rate(MRR) in machining of Hard Metal based on first principle of
process physics of Diamond Grinding and Spark Machining. Model is validated against the experimental data.
A Multi-objective optimization based on Genetic Algorithm for a Green Open Loop Supply Chain
e A Mathematical model proposed for cost optimization and carbon footprint minimization in open loop supply
chain. Mathematical model is being optimized using genetic algorithm.
Assesment of Surface Integrity in Diamond Grinding - Based Hybrid Machining of Tungsten free
Carbide Hard Metal
e A Neural Network for prediction of surface roughness in machining of Tungsten free carbide. Input parameters
are discharge current, pulse on time, grinding wheel speed and depth of cut.
Publications
Assessment of Surface Integrity in Diamond Grinding - Based Hybrid Machining of Tungsten free
Carbide Hard Metal
NFEST - 2019 (IOP: Journal of Physics)
¢ Modeling of Surface Roughness using Artificial Neural Network (ANN) with four Input Parameters namely
Current, Wheel Speed, Pulse on Time, Depth of Cut.
e Experimental Data for Machining of TN20 ( Russian Grade Cermet) is used to establish the Neural Network.
A Multi-Objective Optimization Based on Genetic Algorithm for a Green Open Loop Supply Chain
IEEE Conference
e A mathematical model is developed using certain basic assumptions in which cost and carbon dioxide emission
is considered as response variable.
e Optimization is done using non-traditional optimization procedure i.e. using genetic algorithm to find trade-off
between cost and carbon dioxide emission is found in terms of Pareto optimal front.
A critical review of process parameters of Fused deposition modeling, Journal of Material Science
and Mechanical Engineering, p-ISSN:2993-9095; e-ISSN: 2393-9109, Volume 5, Issue 3, July
—September pp. 138-141.
Krishi Sanskriti - Jawahar Lal Nehru University
e A brief review on different process parameters or variable on the properties of FDM processed parts with main
focus on Mechanical and tribological aspects.
Polymer-matrix Nanocomposites; Processing, Challenges, and Applications: An Overview, Journal
of Basic and Applied Engineering Research, p-ISSN:2350-0077; e-ISSN:2350-0255; Volume — 5, Issue
-3; January — March 2018
Krishi Sanskriti - Jawahar Lal Nehru University
e A brief Review on types of Polymeric Nano-Composites, their different processing mechanism, challenges faced
during their processing and their existing and potential applications.
Certifications
Practical Machine Learning with TensorFlow
Ashish Tendulkar, IIT Madras and Google India
Deep Learning
Dr Mitesh Khapra, IIT Madras
Data Mining
Dr Pabitra Mitra, IIT Kharagpur
Machine Learning for engineering and science applications
Dr Balaji Srinivasan & Dr Ganapthy Krishnamurthi , IIT Madras
Soft Computing
Prof Debasis Samanta , IIT Kharagpur
Functional Programming in Scala
Coursera, Martin Odersky
Sequence Learning
Coursera, Andrew NG
Machine Learning
Andrew NG, Stanford University
Achievements
e 5th standing in NSIT Alphathon - 2019, organized by NSIT and World Quant
¢ Qualified GATE - 2017 with 95 percentile, organized by IIT Roorkee
Personal Attributes
Attentive listener ¢ Quick learner « Knowledge enthusiast ¢ Creative
