Domain Specific Question with Context Extraction from Slack, MS-Teams, Emails, Web and
Mobile.
To provide answers for user asked question through Slack, MS-Teams, Emails, Web and
Mobile designed pipeline for domain specific question and context extraction using Machine
Learning, NER and rule-based approach.
Roles and Responsibilities: -
1. Data cleaning by analysing different Email formats, Slack, MS-Teams chat conversation
and Signature patterns.
2. Intent and question classification of Emails and chats into domain specific and generic
categories (Meeting request, Follow Up) using W2V and SVM.
3. NER Model for context keyword extraction and evaluated performance with RAKE/YAKE
model.
Search Relevance Architecture design and development.
It includes Semantic based search on Question-Answer (FAQ), PDF extracted paragraph,
Historical email threads. Relevance based ranking of search results. Removing or collapsing of
Duplicates answers. Autosuggest questions on user typed query based on characters.
Roles and Responsibilities: -
1. Solr Core setup for implementation of Full text search on QA, PDF paragraph and
vectors.
2. For Semantic search created domain specific W2V model using historical email data,
crawling domain specific data from websites, pdf.
3. Built relevancy classifier using features like word share, distance based, Fuzzy logic and
Word vector based to classify into relevant and irrelevant and re-rank obtained search
results using confidence score.
4. Implementation of Multiword Synonyms and Edismax query parsing in Solr.
5. Key-Phrase Extraction using LSTM and W2V for boosting Solr results.
6. Research on NLP Pretrained Model like BERT for Domain specific and IR use case.
7. Fine-tuned and end to end implementation of BERT MLM, NLI and Cross Encoder
Model. Achieved around 89% search accuracy on top 3 results.
PDF parsing.
Extracting, parsing and re-structuring pdf documents into head, paragraphs and title.
Roles and Responsibilities: -
1. Researching and validation of available open-source pdf parser. Based on comparison
GROBID well suit for our use case.
2. Retraining of specific components of model based on custom tag. Created tagged data on
business specific pdf. Retraining of Segmentation and Header extraction model to get
head, paragraphs and title and to remove unwanted text from pdf like header, footer,
caption of images and tables.
3. Worked on creation of API. It takes input as pdf and output as paragraphs with heads and
title of pdf.
4. Production ready deployment of solution using Docker and CI/CD on AWS.
