NEW =r-]a Ble ardalematci ie
Certified Data Scientist
 
Data Scientist (D3view)
¢ Worked on projects for clients for regression and classification
requirements. One of them being prediction of workflow based on
previous and current workflows.
e Part of a team to build generalized packages for different data
visualizations. And building efficient machine learning algorithms
(regression models, decision tree, k-means etc ..) for our platform.
Data Scientist (Rubixe)
Project : Employee performance analysis
Project Description: A leading data analytics and automation solution
provider had issues in reduced employee performance over recent
years. The objective of this project is to find the core underlying
causes of performance issue based on current employee data.
Worked on Machine Learning modelling and evaluation from
exploratory data analysis (EDA) , feature engineering, model building
and evaluation.
From the provided data set Identified 4 key factors as predictor
variable which significantly contributes to employee performance.
Trained a model with Decision tree algorithm and obtained prediction
efficiency to 97%. This model can also be used to hire employees.
Project : Customer Credit Score - Banking
Project Description: Client of Rubixe is a major banking client in India.
The project goal is to calculate customer credit score, which is then
used for asset risk management and risk modelling of the asset
portfolio.
Worked in Machine Learning modelling, exploratory data analysis
(EDA), feature engineering, model building and evaluation. This
project required significant data cleaning and transformation. Model
is successfully delivered to the client.
Strides Pharma Science Limited : MES Engineer
¢ Worked on Strides DCS (Distributed Control System) Delta-V
(Emerson’s product). Includes integrating PLC’s, transmitters and
HMI’s to the system.
¢ Worked on Delta-V control module, layout design and monitoring
activity of the plant. Created control modules and successfully
deployed them to production
¢ Simultaneously worked on Syncade application (Emerson’s
product), which is an MES system.
Soft Skills
Problem Solving, Critical Thinking
Expert @®@@@®@
Creative and Interpersonal Skills
Expert @®@@@®@
Languages
Business English
Expert @®@®@®@
Telugu, Kannada, Tamil
Expert @®@®@®@
Interests
Fitness, Volleyball
(Represented State Level)
Travelling and exploring
Address:
# 079, 4 cross, 3' main, J P Nagar
7 Phase, Navodaya Nagar
Bangalore - 560078
