Nitelaymat-)mexclaci
A passionate data scientist having knowledge in Big Data , SQL, Computer Vision Techniques, Natural
language processing ,Deep Learning Algorithms, Machine Learning Algorithms and Data Processing to
solve challenging business problems. Strong background in Python.
bX nidhirajpatel2014@gmail.com [] 8770637947
in linkedin.com/in/nidhi-raj-patel-852367112 ©) github.com/nid1234-ni
 
WORK EXPERIENCE SKILLS
General ops Associate
Accenture
09/2019 - Present Bangalore
Applied Intelligence is Accenture's unique approach to combining Al
with data, analytics and automation under a strategic vision to scale
Al and transform business.
Achievements/Tasks
© The goal is to help patients to identify accident in Field with
UGV Robot (UnManned Ground Vehicle) using ROS.
© Developing and deploying real-time deep learning-based
object - detection model using the YOLOv5 and SSD
architecture.
© Research, design, develop and optimize robotics algorithm
technology on autonomous robotics program for UGV ( PERSONAL PROJECTS
Unmanned Ground Vehicle ). Nee
© Trained and tested the dataset containing diseases of Object Detection- | have created object detection
various type of diseases using Transfer Learning Technique projects like Fire detection, and Vehicle detection using
with different DL Algorithms. TensorFlow models like Faster-RCNN, SDD,
YOLOv5.Smart Banking System -Machine Learning-
based use case in which we solve banking system's
Process Associate related processes like home credit, Fraud detection.
IBM
06/2018 - 08/2019 Bangalore
Achievements/Tasks
© Worked on the create the customer master data using the ACHIEVEMENTS
sales Force application. Handling the customer data.
"PP 9 Star Business Awards(Accenture ) (06/2021)
© Team handling during the research of the huge amount of
customer data.
Data Scientist LANGUAGES
Ineuron.Al Python SOL
05/2021 - 08/2021 Native or Bilingual Proficiency Native or Bilingual Proficiency
Achievements/Tasks
® Chatbots using google dialogue flow English Hindi
Nati Bili ( Profici Full P ional Profici
@ |t's a free Cloud-based Al Chatbot Platform to Build Bots. ative or Bilingual Proficiency ull Professional Proficiency
Node.js drives chatterbot. It is a Python library that acts as a Al
conversational dialog engine and uses machine learning.
Moreover, it is language-independent, and this feature
enables the usage.
Native or Bilingual Proficiency
INTERESTS
EDUCATION
cee Yoga Dance Travelling Chess
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics &
communication Engineering
RGPV/Bhopal
07/2013 - 06/2017 7.54CGPA
