Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques
Identifying the missing values and performed missing values treatment using mean/median for the
continuous variables and mode for the categorical variables.
Performed Principal Component Analysis (PCA) for dimensionality reduction.
Performed outlier detection using boxplot using the seaborn library in Python. Scaled the
continuous variables using Standard Scaler and performed One Hot encoding for the categorical
variables using the sklearn library in python.
Checked for the correlation using Pearson Correlation & ANOVA techniques.
Trained Linear Regression, Random Forest, Gradient Boosting models on the data and finalized with
the Gradient boost model.
Used the GridSearchCV & RandomisedSearchCV techniques in Python to perform hyperparameter
tuning.
Project 2: Credit Card Approval.
Project Description: The goal of this project to predict the bank is able to decide to issue a credit card to
the applicant or not.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Understanding the business case and getting insights.
Carried out Exploratory data analysis.
Treated missing values in the data set with Mean/Median for numerical Features and with Mode
for Categorical Features.
Performed Scaling for numerical features & One-Hot encoding for categorical Features.
Performed Correlation check by using the statistical methods Chi-Square & ANOVA.
Trained Logistic Regression, Naive Bayes Classifier, models on the data and finalized with the Naive
Bayes classifier model.
Computed the Precision, Recall and f1-score using the actuals and predictions. Simulated the AUC
curve using Specificity(or)True Positive Rate & False Positive rate.
Project 3: Sentiment Analysis
Project Description: Sentiment Analysis of customer reviews and feedback of customers about different
products. We had cleaned the data to remove non-essential words, compared data for positive and negative
polarities and provided a final score.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Built Python Script to mine the unstructured text / data (by using NLTK framework)
Performed the preprocessing steps like Tokenizing, Stopwords removal, Lemmatization, stemming
to find the root words.
Creating Bag-Of-Words model and TF-IDF and created a document term matrix.
Identifying the clusters from unstructured data using K-means clustering.
Trained with Logistic Regression and Navie Bayes MultinomialNB models and finalized with
MultinomialNB.
