PROJECT 3: Currently We are working for a Credit Card company based in Canada.
Description: Worked for one of the leading UK based online gaming company. Their Business Problem is to predict Churners
because most of the players are churners after their first APD(Active Player Day).
Roles & Responsibilities:
> Existing Customer Auto Approve Model (applications for payday not requiring manual verification).
> New Customer Auto Decline Model (cases where the profitability assessment on the new customer is negative/high risk
resulting in an auto decline).
> Fraud Model (cases that would auto decline/suspected fraud), can be existing customer or new.
Approach:
Currently, working on Existing customers Auto approval model and New customers Auto Decline Model. The data is available
from Jan 2017 to Nov, 2019. We identified ETD 60 as a Performance period because, Most of the customers (93%) are never paid
the loan amount after 60 days.
We have 268 variables and 80,000+ records. We performed different data preparation steps (Missing, Outlier, Unique value
variables and Uni-variate Analysis) for identifying the significant features. We are in the process of building & evaluating
models using Logistic Regression (Predictive Event) and other Machine Learning Algorithms.
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
2018 M.Sc. (Statistics) from Andhra University, Visakhapatnam with 7.5 /10 (CGPA).
2016 B.Sc. (Statistics, Mathematics and Computers) from Krishna University with 79%.
2013 12th (Mathematics) from Sri Sarada Junior college, Nuzvid with 74%.
2011 SSC from Andhra Pradesh State Board with 86%.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TRAININGS & CERTIFICATIONS
I have successfully completed Analytics certifications fromANALYTIXLABS
Data analytics and visualization using Excel, R, Python, Tableau
Data Science Specialization using R and Python
AI & Deep Learning Python
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COURSE UNDERGONE IN M.SC.(STATISTICS)
Probability Distribution, Estimation Theory, Sampling, MultiVariate Analysis using SPSS, Hypothesis testing, stochastic
process, Designs of Experiment, Operations Research, Statistical Analysis using R, Time Series Analysis, Econometrics,
Actuarial Statistics.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Mini Project: Predicting house prices using different attributes of house and location.
Description: To identify key drivers of house price for different types of houses and predict price for given set of drivers.
Analytics Tools: Excel and R Analytics Technique: Linear Regression
Main Project: Credit risk analytics
Description: The objective of this project is to identify bad customers and decide the credit amount for accepted customers.
Analytics Tools: Excel and R Analytics Technique: Classification
