Mahesh kumar katakam
Associate Data Scientist
Data Scientist Familiar with gathering, cleaning and organizing data for use by technical and non-technical personnel. Advanced
understanding of statistical, algebraic and other analytical techniques. Highly organized, motivated and diligent with significant
background in Machine Learning and NLP.
i) =maheshlucky9932@gmail.com [] 8072180530 Q Nellore, India
 
WORK EXPERIENCE SKILLS
— Associate Data Scientist
ANTWORKS, Bangalore
06/2020 - Present
AntWorks’ is an Al-based RPA software product designed to understand
structured as well as semi- unstructured data types such as
handwriting and forms.
 
PROJECTS
— Intern - Congnitive Machine Learning Classification Module of Business Document types
ANTWORKS,Bangalore © Instead of following traditional Document Classification model we
12/2019 - 05/2020 developed a System where we incorporate knowledge of patterns
. . eps gs trained by user by Following Closed Domain Question and Answering
Signature Detection and verification Model
° Detection of signature is developed USINg object detection © Achieved maximum accuracy of 94% by classifying Mostly relevant
model of FASTER-RCNN with TENSORFLOW library paragraphs by learning important Features in patterns provided by client
© One-shot learning with Siamese neural networks is used for instead of classifying entire document
verification and identification of signatures © Provided training module For training new patterns to store in to our
knowledge base required for Future processes
© Applied TRANSFER LEARNING technique to generate best
model with comparatively small amount of data collected Extracting Essential Entities from Document
From client and as well as outside sources © Extraction of data from images using TESSERACT and improved its
accuracy by applying pre-processing techniques like removing Junk
characters etc.
© Person names, addresses are extracted using SPACY module and
ED UCATI ON Improved accuracy by using post processing techniques.
. © Developed multiline address extraction by using traditional programming
— B.TECH,Computer Science and uses SPACY , PYAP for Further validation.
SASTRA,Thanjavur .
06/2016 - 06/2020 CGPA 8.0 Sentence Comparison API
© API is developed by using FLASK which outputs similarity of input
sentences.
__ ° © Provided various option to user by passing arguments to select various
Intermediate,MPC text processing techniques like TF_IDF , WORD2VEC, GLOVE and GOOGLE
Sri Chaitantya,Nellore SENTENCE ENCODER.
05/2013 - 06/2015 percentage 97.4 © For Numeric datatype used REGEX to extract numeric data to compare
between the inputs.
Table Extraction Module
© A generic module that covers detection of variety of tables and extract
unstructured enterprise contents to a serialized form.
© Mutli page table extraction , Data Validation is also covered based on
traditional programming.
© The architecture is a blend of image processing algorithms and traditional
engineering techniques.
CERTIFICATES
Machine Learning course
Completed Andrew Ng Machine learning course on Coursera which teaches
Basics of All Machine learning Algorithhms
