SKILLS
 
MANSHA
e Programming Languages: Python, R
D AS e Databases: MySQL
e Tools and Libraries: Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Google Data
Studio, Tableau, Excel
SUMMARY e Algorithms: Regression, Classification, Clustering,
Association, CNN
PROJECTS
 
Post graduate in Data Science, having
more than 2 years of experience in IT
industry .Eager to implement my
¢ Image Classification: CNN
Objective: Scan the documents and leverage the information
knowledge and skills in the field of data by reducing manual efforts significantly.
analytics/data science Analysis: CNN was created to classify images at various
documents.
* Customer Segmentation
Objective: To understand the customers like who can be
easily converge target Customers so that the sense can be
CONTACT given to marketing team and plan the strategy accordingly.
Analysis: The model using K means clustering was created to
get a better understanding of them which in turn could be
used to increase the revenue of the company.
 
@ +91 - 9513789300
&) mansha95@gmail.com ¢ Predicting forest Fire area and coordinates
Objective:- Predicting burned area of forest taking into
consideration different independent variables
Analysis:- Feature Extraction ,EDA and Machine Learning
QO Cuttack ,Odisha
 
()  github.com/manshadas Models -KNN, Decision Tree, Random Forest.
EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION Accenture India Pvt Ltd : Feb 2018 to July 2020
Application Development Analyst
*Worked with ETL tool (Informatica) and SQL. Implemented
simple Informatica jobs as per the requirement.
eAcquired knowledge and _ experience in software
- PGP in Data Science
Praxis Business School
2020-2021 development life-cycle including gathering, analysis,
developing and deployment
-BTech in Electronics ‘Well understanding of Data warehouse concepts ,Star
& Electrical Schema ,Snowflake schema ,Fact & Dimension tables.
KIIT University, BBSR eAnticipated client needs and formulated solutions to client
2013-2017 issues.
*Participated in weekly status meetings and conducted
internal and external reviews as well as formal walk through
among various teams and documented the proceedings.
 
CERTIFICATES
LANGUAGES
¢ Introduction to R(DataCamp)
- English ¢ Machine Learning for Business(DataCamp)
- Hindi
- Odiya
