SIPHAN KUMAR PARIDA
 
Cell: +91 9019858551
Career Objective
Highly motivated individual with a strong track record of performance in handling relationship management activities to identify and define
business requirements, and translate business needs into complex models. Competent at identifying different data sources and providing
associated data modelling and data visualization.
 
MEV ELULES
R programming | Python | Perl] Tableau | Advance Predictivemodellingand designing drilldown analysis for business insights | Statistical
modelling | Credit Risk Analysis and Project Management | Client management and cross functional project handling | Strong RDBMS
knowledge | Agile Methodology | Jira | Model Deployment] GIT | Flask
Qualification Summary
Analytical, enthusiastic and innovative Data Science with 3 years of IT experience in the different areas of Data Science, Machine
Learning.
“%& Core competency using operational data and getting inferential input to be provided for business decision support by using technical tools
and skills like R, Python, Tableau, SQL.
% Ability to understand business problems and disseminate into data driven and drill down analysis for story telling dashboard in Tableau.
Complete knowledge in developing predictive data model from productiondata source for performance management analysis
*% Working experience in following agile development methodology and handling the responsibility of Scrum master.
™& Past working experience in Python Automation for industry leading storage domain clients.
Technical Skills
4 Python -Developed various regression and classification models of ML using pandas, numpy, scikit learnetc, and visualization using
Seaborn and MatlabPlotlibraries. Good experience in validating models using Cross validation, confusion matric, ROC curve etc.
4 Machine Learning and Al-Strong working knowledge of various ML regression and classification algorithms such as Linear and logistic
regression, Decision tree, Random forest, SVM, etc. Strong knowledge of hypothesis testing.
4 Tableau- Profound knowledge in Design, develop and deploy Tableau dashboards on Tableau server deployed enterprise-wide. Work
with business teams to gain a rich understanding of their business, analytical, and reporting needs, including the identification of critical
metrics and KPls. Develop rich interactive visualizations integrating various reporting components from different data sources.
& SQL -Strong database management and query writing skills in SQL and Access. Statements and clauses, Entity and attribute relationships,
Joins, views, pivot and un-pivot, case and when statement, ranking and row order and store procedures etc.
4 Perl-Strong working experience in developing automation framework for industry leading storage clients.
Work Experience
JARKS IT Pvt. Ltd. Nov 2018 till
Project: Loan defaulter prediction
Designation: Data Scientist
Client: Banking client
Objective:
Built a model to predict whether the banking customer will repay the loan amount or not
Responsibilities:
e Done exploratory analysis and took inferences by visualization of the data
e Improvised the quality of data by removing inconsistent data, missing values, outliers.
e Removed insignificant variables with 92%of accuracy.
e Explored the data using different visualization techniques.
e Used algorithms like KNN, Naive Bayes and obtained optimal sensitivity and specificity with logistic
regression
