SONU KUMAR
Data Scientist
9 Bangalore
Ra sonupce2019@gmail.com
+91-8660719313
LinkedIn:-
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sonu-kumar-goyal/
SKILLS SUMMARY
Python, R Programming, SQL,
Tableau, Excel, Machine
Learning, Deep Learning Time
Series Analysis, Artificial
Intelligence, Natural Language
Processing(NLP) Pandas,
Numpy, Scikit Learn, Seaborn,
rch 0} Koha inept Cr-40) (ohm Lele) arer-hace
dplyr, caTools, MLmetrics,
Data Mining, Statistical
Analysis, Exploratory Data
Analysis(EDA) Linear
Regression, Logistic
Regression, Decision Tree,
Random Forest, K-Means
Clustering, ARIMA,
INTERNSHIP
Evarcity
HOBIES
Cricket
Liteaning Music
LANGUAGES
English
Hindi
sake} pelenal
 
DATA SCIENTIST
PROFILE SUMMARY
Experienced and driven data scientist with 1.6 years of experience in
advanced predictive analytics with main focus on consumer
analytics in the industry. A candidate with strong background in
developing predictive models from scratch using the knowledge of
techniques like Data Science & Machine Learning Techniques.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Data Scientist
Enum Informatics(OPC) Private Limited | March 2020- present
Project-Sales Forecasting for retail domain(Client- Us Based)
1.The project aimed at forecasting (Time Series Analysis) of sales of
products which are profitable to the store and develop a predictive
model from scratch using concepts of algorithms (ARIMA, Exponential
Smoothing) and R programming language and to forecast them based
on the business problem shared by the Client.
2.To understand the Business problem and interact with the client on
regular basis to get more and deep insight of the data shared by the
client.
3.To do exploratory data analysis on the data which includes to prepare
the quality data for model building. This was being done with the help
of the programming language -R.
4,.Leveraged 50k+ reviews to develop sentiment analysis model that
helped sales improved and marketing strategies.
5.To recommend measurable actions and provide deep understanding of
forecasting using packages of R and ARIMA model to predict the future
Sales.
Project- Bank Marketing Campaign For Term Deposit
1.In this project, we applied machine learning algorithms to build a
predictive model of the data set to provide a necessary suggestion for
marketing campaign team. The goal is to predict whether a client will
subscribe a term deposit or not.
2.To fetch the data from the database based on the business criterion
and load the same in the csv file for further processing using python.
3.To select the important variables and deep dive in the patterns
followed in the data set to understand the client’s problem.
4.To develop the predictive model (term deposit) using decision tree and
random forest algorithm about the probability that the customer will
subscribe the term deposit or not.
5. This project was done with the help of the programming language -
python.
EDUCATION
GATE Qualify:- 2019
BTech in Electronics and Communication Engineering
Poornima College Of Engineering, Jaipur
August 2015-May 2019
