e Continuous interaction with the team to come up with a multiclass multilevel
classification approach to increase the efficiency from initial 68%, obtained by creating
the chat bot using LUIS.
e As the problem incorporates Natural Language Processing as well, it is further decided to
come up with the suitable solution out of the multiclass multilevel classification scope,
down the line it turned out to be NER.
e Effective implementation of the algorithm to the provided business data.
e NER has resulted in 65% accuracy.
Project Name: Financial Impact of COVID on Companies, Wipro
Project Abstract:
During the COVID situation, it is widely known that the industries across have been impacted.
And information on the impact on each industry individually has been provided. But, the effect
on each company couldn’t be guessed as easily as the presence of each company varies across
the industries and regions. The objective of this project is to estimate and predict the financial
impact of COVID on different companies.
Responsibilities:
e Analyzing and understanding the Business requirements.
e Predictive analysis of the COVID Financial information.
e Used Clustering algorithm to group the impacted business into 3 groups to classify them
as Type |, Type Il and Type Ill business.
e Created separate models for each of these groups.
e Creation of Dashboards, using Python modules - Plotly and Dash.
e Story telling through the created Dashboards to convey the results to the end user.
Project Name: Intelligent Automation of Service Solution, Health Plan Services
Project Abstract:
Health Plan Services provides an end-to-end business process Outsourcing solutions to insurers.
Insurers include individual and groups with the voluntary and association plans.
Responsibilities:
e Architecting the template for the workflow, to break down the application to multiple
parts, thereby creating a black box on the front-end application.
e Designed and created an NER application for language processing specific to this domain.
