9K,DeepLearning
Database Spark
Role Data Scientist
Team Size 8
Language Python, SQL
e Object detection and image recognition for tagging
themforprocessing in Dynamo DB.
e Performing speech to text using speech recognition library.
e Analyzing of data to gather data insights and
trendsindata.
e Building prediction model on top of structured data
for predicting consumer buying and consumption
behaviors.
Description: - Frodo was a project based on consumer behavior analytics using latest
technologies like video analytics, Deep Learning and speech to text using AWS services and open
source like YOLO 9K model for image recognition and AWS Transcribe for Speech to text.
Preparing unstructured data collected from image recognition model with the use of AWS NoSQL
database DynamoDB and transforming the data in MySQL database for dashboarding
We have used various AWS services such as EC2, S3, Sagemaker etc interconnected with each
other through scripts for the proper functioning of thesystem.
Responsibilities
| Lummus | |
Client Pfizer
Technologies Machine Learning, Mcube , Python, Pyspark
Database DynamoDB, MySQL, Spark
Role Data Scientist/ Consultant
Team Size 8
Language Python, SQL
e Create algorithms for analyzing Bio assays data like
5PL,4PL, Quadratic, Log-Log, exponential.
e Building complete data pipeline from scratch
comprisingof data flow from database, algo
execution scheduled onhourly basis, result
population to different consumers using FAST-APIs.
e Managing Database administration task.
e Working with business stake holders and helping
themwith technological solutions as well as proper
consultation after understanding their
requirements
Description: - Lummus was a project based on bio assays, In which concentration given and on
top of that we have to predict the response of particular samples. For lummus we have go through
some research paper for phrama and implement that.
Preparing unstructured data collected from Spark with the use of Elastic Search and transforming
the data in Spark database for dashboarding
| Chatbot | |
Responsibilities
Client Danone
Technologies AWS EC2 ,Python , NLP
Database MySQL
Role Training the Brain
