Suraj Dhanaji Kashid
Software Engineer
935 905 3205
M4 surajkashid2222@gmail.com
e 2 Years of overall experience on Web Application and Rest-Api develooment along with good
Skills in core python and exposure over object oriented concepts( OOP ).
e Good experience in Software Development Life Cycle( SDLC ) , database design and Agile
methodology.
e Hand on experience on the developing web application by implementation of Model View
Controller (MVC ) architecture using the FLASK web application framework.
e Have good understanding and experience in the front end languages like HTML and
JavaScript.
e Good knowledge and understanding of the Structured Query Language ( SQL ) fo use logical
query in structuring the database. Worked with rational databases(RDBMS) like MySQL..
e Good experience in using of ORM framework like Flask-SQLAIchemy .
e Strong skills of writing efficient testing code using PyTest and UnitTest.
e Good experience of using logging framework like a Logger with good formatting skills.
e Worked with the API testing tools like Postman and have knowledge of HTTP method and
strong experience with webservices like RESTful Api.
e Good understand and familiar with version controller tool like GIT.
e Strongly familiar with efficient code writing in IDE's like PyCharm and Jupyter Notebook.
e Good in use of project management tools like Jira software.
e Capable to working independently as well as team player with strong interoersonal skills.
e Always like to learn new technology and have good problem solving skills .
wk Technical skills
Ww
e programming language: python 3.X and SQL
e Frameworks : FLASK , DJango(novice)
e Databases : MYSQL and SQLite3
e Web Services : REST and DRF
e ORM Framework : FLASK- SQLAIchemy,Django ORM
e Api Testing Tool : Postman,sSwagger
e Logging Framework: Logger
e Version Control Tool : GIT
e Testing Frame Work: UnitTest and PyTest
e Code Editors : PyCharm, JUupyter Notebook and Visual Studio
e Project Management Tool: JIRA
e Data Science Libraries : Pandas,Numpy
e Frontend Languages : HIML ,JavaScript,react js and Jinja template
