Contribution:
e Evaluating and pre-processing bank costumer’s data
e Analysing records and using the data
e Involved in model building and evaluation of model
e Involved in parameter tuning process for optimal model hyper parameters
PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS
 
Knowledge of industry best practices and a deep understanding on how data is extracted,
transformed, scrubbed and loaded in Data storage environments.
e Thorough understanding of Data Science tools, techniques and technologies in Machine Learning,
NLP and Deep Learning algorithms using Python, SciPy, NumPy, Matplotlib, NLTK, Tensor flow and
Keras.
e Source code management and Version Control system using Git and GitHub.
e Ability to achieve in-depth understanding of the problem domain and available data assets.
e Able to investigate Data Visualization and summarization techniques conveying key findings.
e Ability to write a clean and production code with Object Oriented Programming in Python.
Possess excellent communication skills with strong organizational & team building abilities.
Python/ML Packages: NumPy, Pandas, Tensor Flow - Keras, NLTK, Genisim, CV2, Scikit-learn,
Seaborn, Matplotlib, Flask, Pymongo
e Machine learning: Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Naive Bayes Classifier, KNN Classifier,
Support Vector Machine, Decision Tree, Random Forest, Ada-Boost, K-means Clustering
e Deep learning: ANN, CNN, RNN
¢ Natural language Processing: Text pre-processing, Word2Vec, LSTM, Encoder-Decoder
e Cloud: Heroku, AWS, Azure, GCP
« Database: MySQL, MongoDB
e Web Framework: Flask, Django
IDE: Jupyter Notebook, Visual Studio
Master of Engineering with First Class from Pune University with 7.65 CGPA Pune Maharashtra.
Bachelor of Engineering with Distinction from Solapur University with 69.93 % Solapur Maharashtra.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Candidate Name : Ganesh Sambhaji Dhumal
Date of Birth > 5% March’1991.
Nationality > Indian
Marital Status : Married
Address : 904, B14, Mangal Bhairav, Nanded city, Pune - 41.
Languages Known _ : English, Hindi, Marathi
