GANESH DHUMAL
Machine Learning Engineer with 3.5 years of Experience
Mobile : +91-7020240084 ~ E-Mail : gsdhumal4u@gmail.com
SYNOPSIS
A dynamic professional with over 3.5 years of functional experience in Machine learning, Deep learning,
Natural language processing. Passionate about building models that fix problems. Have expertise in
preparing data, developing and deploying highly scalable machine learning models.
Nexus Software System, Pune.
Working as a Machine Learning Engineer from August, 2018 to till date.
A. Project Name: Financial Document Classification using Machine Learning and NLP
Domain: Document Classification
Description:
Mortgage industry is performing mortgage loan audits of thousands of people using documents and the
amount of paperwork involved. Our task to develop machine learning model to classify different classes
of documents using OCR, Text prepossessing, text vectorizer and classification algorithm. This model
helped to reduce the manual effort and automated the task of Document Classification.
Contribution:
e Involved in requirement gathering.
e Building data cleansing by Text prepossessing.
e Applying suitable algorithms for achieving better accuracy
e Preparing daily status report, weekly status report
B. Project Name: Medical Report Generation Using Encoders and Decoders
Domain: Healthcare
Description:
To build a deep learning model that automatically write the impression part of medical report of chest
X-rays and alleviate some of the burden of the medical professional. Our task is to create an Image
captioning deep learning model which can write automatic medical reports using Encoders and
Decoders.
Contribution:
e Involved in feature extraction from the images.
e Pre-processing the text data from reports
e Involved in parameter tuning process for optimal model hyper parameters
e Involved in development of model architecture
C. Project Name: Digital transformation in Baking sector
Domain: Finance
Description:
Bank has a growing customer base where the majority of them are liability customers vs. borrowers.
The bank is interested in expanding the borrowers base rapidly to bring in more business via loan
interests. Our task to develop a machine learning model to perform focused digital marketing by
predicting the potential customers who will convert from liability customers to asset customers.
