Experience
Client: Companies inside Dassault Group are clients.
Project Brief: Design and develop machine learning and artificial intelligence models for analytics and
business development. Perform Data warehousing & ETL tasks using SAP BODS. Create BI reports on SAP BO.
Day to day responsibilities
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging
company data to drive business solutions.
Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of
product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad
targeting and other business outcomes.
Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression,
simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Hands on experience in Python libraries like NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-Learn, Matplotlib, Seaborn,
Plotly, Cufflinks, etc.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of
distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Hive, Spark, PySpark, etc.
Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Power BI, SAP Business Objects,
Tableau, etc.
Experience in Natural Language Processing.
Knowledge of AWS connectivity for data processing.
Experience in creating and using deep learning models with TensorFlow and Keras.
Design and development of ETL jobs for Data Warehousing purpose with SAP BODS ETL tool.
Data Migration experience on SAP Success Factors Cloud Solution.
Hands on experience for handling Oracle PL SQL, Oracle SQL and Microsoft SQL server.
Personal Details
Date of Birth: 6" NOV 1993
Languages known: English, Hindi, Marathi
