Project: Predicting Payment days category of an invoice
Technologies: Python, SQL, Tableau
Project Description:
Gathering the client requirements and relative data for the same.
Developed Machine Learning model based on XGBoost for payment days category of an invoice made by
the customers, to find the customers who are paying in time and those who are paying late which in turn
reduced the Days Sales Outstanding.
The DSO was reduced by 5 days which increases the collection process by 15%.
Prepared Visualizations in tableau for the predictions.
Project: Predicting Dispute Reason
Technologies: Python, SQL, Tableau
Project Description:
Gathering the client requirements and relative data for the same.
Performed Exploratory Data Analysis and treated missing values and outliers and performed One
hot encoding technique for the categorical attributes.
Built Machine Learning model based on Randomforest for one of the largest water solution companyto
predict the dispute reason code of any invoice raised by the customers.
Applied hypothesis Testing and prepared visualizations in tableau.
Project: Predicting Customer Payment Behavior
Technologies: Python, SQL, Tableau
Project Description:
Gathering the data by selecting appropriate attributes from ORACLE SQL server
Exploratory data analysis done to understand the insights of the data and to find missing values and outliers
in the dataset and treated them with necessary techniques.
Developed a machine learning model using clustering technique to identify the payment behavior ofa
customer to evaluate the risk.
Build visualizations in tableau to present the key results for CFO’s.
Project: Gia Docs Cognitive Data Capture
Technologies: Python, MySQL, Deep Learning (VGG-16)
Project Description:
Used Pre-trained Model of Transfer Learning VGG-16 for Image Classification, Data Augmentation. The
technique has been used on images gathered from clients to increase the size of the data set.
Tableau Dashboards:
Working on the EMAGIA product for the finance-based Company.
Managed SQL database to retrieve the information which is further used to build the dashboards.
Maintaining the Tableau server to create users, giving permission to the users for the dashboards and
scheduling the dashboards refresh.
Developed the Key CFO dashboard which was used by the CFO’s.
Developed the dashboards for the Collections, Receivables and Disputes
Developed the dashboard for Key Performance Indicator “Days Sales Outstanding”.
Developed interactive dashboards which is used to navigate between the dashboards and implemented User
access dashboards in the server using Company Id.
