Since Dec 2020 Constient Global Solution Al Intern
Highlights
e Synthesize research literature in the areas of statistical modelling, machine learning, operations research to incorporate
findings into algorithm development
e Conduct empirical research and develop methods/tools to help improve the effectiveness of modelling tools
e Support the implementation of state-of-the-art Al algorithms in TensorFlow or PyTorch
e Design and improve unsupervised algorithm models and deep learning modules
e Evaluate and validate the model performance with respect to metrics
Apr 2020 — Jul 2020 Big Data Science Research Data Analyst
Highlights
e Learned how to leverage and integrate disparate data sources, including enterprise systems, internal and third-party
applications, and customer data
e Worked to identify and diagnose data inconsistencies and errors, forages to fill data gaps
e Maintained metadata dictionaries to assist in the governance of metrics and flow of data
e Developed supervised/unsupervised machine learning models using both structured and unstructured data
e Used statistical modelling to identify patterns in data and conducted exploratory data analysis
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE/DATA SCIENCE PROJECTS
Signature cropping using Computer Vision:
Objective: validating signature in cheque.
Tools Used: Python.
Libraries Used: OpenCV.
Algorithm: Computer Vision, CNN.
Description:
e To validate and compare the current and existing signature.
e Once the signature got identified, validate with the existing signature.
e Once both the signature matches for 80-90%, the signature will be cropped.
Credit Card Default:
Objective: Predict if the clients would pay the next month's credit card bill.
Tools Used: Python.
Libraries Used: Numpy, Maitplot
Algorithm: Random Forest, Logistic Regression.
Description:
e The process is done through a supervised learning algorithm.
e After validating data unbalancing, visualized the features and understood the relationship between different
features.
e Random Forest Classifier has performed well with accuracy score - 0.815 and f1 score - 0.46
TECLOV Business Analysis Project: Identified the best sectors, countries, and the suitable investment type for an
asset management company Teclov. Analyzed vast array of data using Pandas library of Python.
Attrition Rates of Employees: Completed the project to reduce employees' attrition rates by providing them with
bonuses/incentives. Experimented with the popular classification algorithms such as Logistic Regression, KNN Classification,
Naive Bayes, Decision Trees and Ensemble models like Gradient Booster, AdaBoost and XGBoost classifiers.
PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth: 12 Jun 1995
Marital Status: Single
Language: Tamil & English
References available upon request
