 
>,
2019 OCT Machine Learning Engineer VALENS DATALABS - Ahmedabad
In the latest project, 3 million products corpus were created and
cleaned using NLTK and the Spacy Library, followed by a handmade
CNN model to predict 2400 classes. The corpus was further divided
by the 2400 class model. Then for each class, the entity extraction
model was used to extract entity from the document.
Ketul Padariya To obtain identical documents from corpus, first the documents
was vectorized by the Fasttext model, the TFIDF model, and the LSI
 
Machine Learning Engineer model, then the same matrix class of the Gansim library was used
for faster extraction of the similar documents.
04 August 1994 Basket analysis was used to obtain product’s associative products.
Ahmedabad In the first project, I developed a project for entity tagging in real
+91 90336 99226 word random text data and data augmentation.
After that, the Stanford and Space Entity tagging models were used
a www.github.com/KETULPADARIYA to extract noun phrase from the text. The predictive power of the en-
© ketulpadariya79@gmail.com tity was further enhanced by the statistical model based on the part
of the speech tag.
Various statistical tests were used to compare the performance of the
Skills ———__— models
Library used : tensorflow, pyspark, Sklearn, Spacy, Nitk, scipy, pan-
Deep Learning das, numpy, gensim, elasticsearch, pymongo, kafka, SQLite, mat-
fF plotlib, streamlit, seaborn, flask
Data Augmentation
Data Visualisation
2019 AUG Power BI Developer IN KEY SOLUTION -Surat
PySpark Collaborated with data engineers and operation team to implement
LT the ETL process, wrote and optimized SQL queries to perform data
Gensim extraction to fit the analytical requirements.
fo Explored and analyzed the customer specific features by using dash-
Python boards in PowerBI . Technology Use: PowerBI,SQL,excel.
fo eee 2019 JAN Web Scrapper and Data Analyst WEB SECURE -Surat
Used the BeautifulSoup and Scrapy Python Library to extract desired
[ data froma given URL.
Experimented and built predictive models including ensemble meth-
Spacy ods such as Gradient boosting trees and Neural Network by Keras to
Lo predict Sales amount.
Tensorflow Worked on data cleaning and ensured data quality, consistency, in-
CC tegrity using Pandas, NumPy.
Sk! Explored and analyzed the customer specific features by using Mat-
earn) plotlib, Seaborn in Python and dashboards in Tableau.
EEE Technology or Library used: BeautifulSoup, Scrapy, Pandas, Numpy,
NLP PoweBi, Matplotlib, Django, Seaborn, Tableau, SQLIit
Python mele lersiarela
Lass 2018 PEC UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY, Chandigarh
Testing
M.tech
with the average of 79 percentage
=. 2016 SHANTILAL SHAH ENGINEERING COLLEGE, Bhavnagar B.tech
SQL and Elastic Searc with the average of 75 percentage
(*)[The skill scale is from 0 (Fundamental Awareness)
to 6 (Expert). ]
