 
Research Title: “Abnormal Video Event Detection for Video Surveillance Applications” Role:
Worked as Full-time Research Scholar in SJCE Mysuru from January 2015 to April 2021
Exposure:
Development of Feature Extraction Model using Machine Learning
Development of Supervised and Unsupervised Classifiers
Development of Feature Selection Techniques for Abnormal Event Detection
Development of Classifier using Deep Learning
IDE: MATLAB, Jupyter Notebook
Project name: Real-Time Pedestrian Detection System
Description: Pedestrian detection is an essential and significant task in any intelligent video
surveillance system. This application is using in Automotive Industry to detect walking persons on the
road. Here we are using object detection techniques to detect pedestrians. YOLOvS3 is used to train the
model.
Responsibilities
=)
Data analysis and Data Preparation
Identifying techniques
Model training, Validating and Hyper-parameter tunning
Fine tuning YOLOvS3 network and Inference on YOLOv3 network.
IDE: Anaconda, Jupyter Notebook
Project name: Electricity Bill Price Prediction based on LSTM and RNN
Description: Time series forecasting is a technique for the prediction of events through a sequence of
time. The techniques predict future events by analyzing the trends of the past. This application is using
in Weather Forecasting, Electricity Bill price prediction etc, Here we are using deep learning techniques
to predict electricity bill price. LSTM-RNN is used to train the model and Keras framework is used for
implementation.
Responsibilities
=)
Data analysis
Feature Engineering using Deep Learning techniques.
Identified and applied proper Validation methods
Model training, Validating and Hyper-parameter tunning
Fine tuning LSTM-RNN deep neural network architecture.
IDE: Anaconda, Jupyter Notebook
 
B. H. Lohithashva, V. N. M. Aradhya, D.S Guru, “An Integration of Handcrafted Features for
Violent Event Detection in Videos”. Recent Trends in Computational Intelligence Enabled
Research, 2020, (Elsevier), (Accepted).
B.H Lohithashva, V.N Manjunath Aradhya, D.S Guru, “Violent video event detection based on
integrated LBP and GLCM texture features”. Revue d'Intelligence Artificielle (RIA), Vol. 34, No.
2, pp. 179-187. (Scopus, dblp, Google Scholar).
