Duddela Madu Sudhan Reddy
Address: Door No: 4/15, Hanumana Gutty, Yerraguntla, Kadapa, A.P, 516360, India
Nationality: Indian, Phone No: +91-7095811801, Email: madusudhanreddyd@gmail.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE
To secure a position in an institution/organization which enable me to utilize my knowledge and professional
skills by assigning challenging projects and help me in advancing my career.
KEY SKILLS
v
Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Statistics, Python, SQL, Microsoft Azure(Azure data factory and
data bricks), AWS, Django
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
GLOBAL DATA PLC, HYDERABAD, INDIA
Data Analyst - June 2019 - Till Date
v
v
v
~
LYNN NN
Client Interaction, Requirement Analysis, developing the code according to the business requirements
Developing and implementing advanced analytics approaches including statistical modelling, machine
learning principles etc. to answer business questions & drive actionable insights using Python.
Hands on experience in Analytics - deriving key business impact from data and in creating algorithms,
implementing an analytical solution based on analysis with large, complex, structured and unstructured
data sets to provide better insights.
Experience in statistical and machine learning: Linear/logistic regression, Decision trees, Random
Forest, SVM, KNN, SVR, Naive Bayes and Clustering etc.
Created the ensemble models, to choose the best model by using various algorithms.
High degree of flexibility, independent and proactive working style.
Ability to work well under pressure and on multiple and conflicting priorities.
Extracted the data from various sources like SQL server and csv files.
Developing and managing data factory pipelines responsible for end-to-end orchestration from copying
data from source to target.
Responsible for designing and building large data extracts, full end-to-end Data Warehouse
infrastructure from the ground up on Amazon Redshift for large scale data handling Millions of records.
Involved in Code Reviews and prepared unit test case scenarios
Involved in guiding the new members of the team for the existing processes and providing knowledge
transfer for multiple applications.
Involved in implementation of different types of graphical reports like Cross Tabs, Scatter Plots,
Geographic Maps, Heat Maps, Gauge, Tree Maps visualize reports using Power BI. He has performed fine
tuning of the SQL queries and implementation of Indexes for faster performance and _ also
Implementation of Partitions
Project 1: To predict “Credit card fraud transactions” using machine leaning techniques and identify key
drivers for fraud transactions.
Responsibilities:
v
v
v
v
v
Created master table in SQL Database by deriving relevant columns from multiple tables using SQL
queries
Involved in Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) for the given data.
Processing, cleansing and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis in python.
Applied various data visualization techniques like bar plot and scatter plot for better data
interpretation.
Implemented Logistic/Random forest algorithms for classifying application analysis and validate the
models based on accuracy.
Technologies: Machine Learning, Python, Sklearn, SQL
