Question generation from Paragraph.
The question generation is a transformer-based model based off of GPT-2 and BERT QA.
GPT2 used for generation of questions. BERT QA used for validating generated question has
belong to paragraph or not.
Roles and Responsibilities: -
1. Research and Validation of GPT2 and BERT QA for use case
2. End-End Pipeline Implementation using components like Python Flask for API, Docker,
Cl/CD and AWS GPU Instance.
3. Worked on reducing response time of model by validating different system like Ram or
GPU configurations. Response time reduced to 1-2 sec per paragraph from 2-3 minute
by using GPU enabled instance.
Data Science Intern
BRCA Test Prediction (Oncology)
BRCA Test used for detection of Breast and Ovarian cancer. In this project data used is
insurance claim data of patients. Using patient journey (i.e. claim data) predicting whether
he or she requires undergone to BRCA Test. Stacked GRU Model architecture used for
prediction of BRCA Test.
Malignant Nodules Classification and Detection from X-Ray
Classifying the malignant nodules in Chest X-ray images as abnormal using state of the art
CNNs like DenseNet-121, ResNext50, Transfer-Learning by fast.ai libraries to help
Radiologists (89% AUC is achieved in classification which is the best in industry).
Data Scientist
IOT Analytics
In this project created Dashboards for real time monitoring of Sensor Data. Collected
data from sensors and push the data onto cloud. Analysed and Cleaning of acquire data
was done. Identified various conditions from data using clustering algorithm.
Inventory Demand Forecasting
This product helps customers to maintain right inventory level of the products in the stock.
The input is a Time Series Data related to the product sales and quantity sold. The product
does data analysis, shows trends, seasonality. It also makes the data non stationary if
required. The product supports various time series models for accurate forecasting (e.g.
S-ARIMA, Holt-Winters, LSTM, and XGBOOST). The user shall have an option to apply
a model of choice, compare the forecasting accuracy and then finalize the model.
