Mayuri Saha (Immediate Joiner)
Artificial Intelligence Developer
PROFILE
Working in the field of machine learning and deep learning in application like computer
vision and natural language processing.
EDUCATION
NIT, Jamshedpur — MCA,2017 - 2020
CGPA- 8.65
Miranda House, Delhi University — BSc. Mathematic Honours, 2014 — 2017
Percentage- 80.15
St. Gregorios School, Delhi — Class 12
Percentage - 92
WORK EXPERIENCE
Bobble.Al, Gurgaon (January, 2020 - April,2021 includes 6 month internship)
Gender Prediction:
e Performed EDA on data to summarize characteristics of dataset, conduct data
cleaning and feature engineering.
e Appliedupsampling using SMOTE and weighted class to the loss function to
take care of data imbalance.
e Tested multiple classification models such as Random forest, Adaboost,Gradient
boost and performed hyper-parameter tuning to optimize the model.
e Used Stratified K-foldcross validation for validation of data.
. Cartoonification of Human Face
e Developedand deployeda pipeline that cartoonifies the human face.
e Thearchitecture involves k-means clustering, algorithm that determines
brightness of image as perceived by human eye.,feature extraction using facial
landmarkdetection, gaussian blurring and image enhancement like gamma
correction.
Projects
Category Classification of News document:
e Datacleaning on the textual data involving Tokenization, removing stopwords,
Lemmatization.
e Used Word2Vec pretrained model to covert tokens to feature vectors.
e Developedamodel to classify document into categories.
Melanoma Classification
e Performed dataset analysis tosummarize characteristics of images for feature
engineering.
e Used data augmentation such as rotation, horizontal flip to regularize model.
e Developeda model using Transfer learning andachievedan AUC score of 0.94.
Loan Sanction Amount Prediction
e PerformedEDA on data to summarize characteristics of dataset data cleaning
and feature engineering.
e Used KNN imputation and logical imputation to complete the dataset.
e Tested multiple regression models such as Linear Regression, Random forest to
find out the best mode and used K-fold cross validation for validation .
Contact at- 8920618553
maysaha0212@gmail.com
SKILLS
Machine Learning
NLP
Pandas
Deep Learning
NLTK
Spacy
Tensorflow 2
Pytorch
Image Processing
OpenCV
Numpy
Scikit-learn
SOL
LANGUAGES
Python , C++
INTEREST
Reading , Writing,
Chess
