Mohit Pareek
+91 8386046016 github.com/MohitPareek
mohit97pareek@gmail.com linkedin.com/in/mohit97pareek
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Software Development Professional with 2 years of experience armed with a PG Program in Machine Learning and Data Science.
Expertise in making Web Based Framework Using Java and SoapAPI and has the knowledge of Spring Boot, Hibernate and Rest
API. Experienced in making ML Models using ML Algorithms, Deep Learning and Reinforcement Learning.
TECHINCAL SKILLS
e Programming Languages: Python, Java, C++, SQL
e Libraries: Numpy, Pandas, Plotly, Matplotlib, Seaborn, ScikitLearn, TensorFlow, Keras, Spacy, NLTK, Spacy
e Tools: Jupyter Notebook, Microsoft Excel, Jira, Git, PowerBl,Rasa Framework
EDUCATION
e il! -—B & UpGrad, Bangalore, KA - PG-Diploma in AL-ML — 3.14 out 4 CGPA- August 2019 - October 2020
e Srm Institute of Science and Technology, Delhi - B.Tech in Computer Science - 8.3 CGPA- July 2015 - May 2019
WORK EXPERIENCE
Sterlite Technologies, Anmadabad - Software Engineer- June 2019 — Present
e Working on Web Based Framework to create API using Java and REST API and received an award from the client for
continuous support and proactive solutions.
e Expertise in Jasper-soft software to provide Automatic Database Report and Skilled in working windows based server.
e Followed sprint methodology and communicated with onshore team and client regularly to provide solution.
DVS Web InfoTech, Jaipur - Android Intern- May 2017 - July 2017
e Was an integral part of the team which developed projects like Jaipur Metro.
e Expertise in working on Front End Design and collaborated with Ul Team to work on the client requirement.
PROJECTS
Telecom Churn Predictor
Accuracy- 96.40% Algorithm Used Is: - Logistic Regression
e Segmented the customer base using classification methods and analyzed to identify most valuable customers.
e Also predicted the probability of customer churning to another company using past behavior.
e Used this dataset to understand different ML techniques like PCA & RFE and used them to improve the model.
e Tools -Google Colaboratory, Python.
Book Rating Analyser
Accuracy- 93.40% Algorithm Used Is: - Multiple Linear Regression
e Analyze the dataset from Good Read's Website and identify most valuable field to which affects rating of book.
e Used Data Visualization step to better understand the problem statement.
e Applied Hyper-Parameter, Cross-Validation & Lasso Regularization Technique to reduce the complexity of model.
e Tools used for coding - Jupyter Notebook, Python, Power BI.
Email Spam Classifier
Accuracy- 90.80% Algorithm Used Is: - Naives Bayes Algorithm
e Created a model which process more than 10K of data entry to create a bag of words for prediction.
e Analyzed the frequency of different trends types in prediction and used different metric to confirm the model.
e Tools used for coding- Jupyter Notebook.
CERTIFICATIONS
e Introduction to Computational Thinking and Data Science.
e Neural Networks and Deep Learning.
