Niharika
Email ID: niharikachandra1995@gmail.com
Contact No: Mobile: +91-9891228773
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/niharika-chandra-183964140
PROJECT EXPERIENCE
PROJECT 1: Identifying intents and entities in various domain contracts.
Client: Broadcom Corporation
Business Objective: Identifying and extracting various intents/clauses and entities from legal
documents using Deep Learning Models for different domain contracts. Creating knowledge base on
extracted intents and entities which was used for querying and visualizing the data. Thus, deriving
important insights from the data and thereby preventing losses and eliminating contract
inefficiencies.
Duration: Jun’2020-Till Date
Technology Used: Machine Learning, Deep Learning, NLP
Tools and Languages: NIACA, Python, SQL
Responsibilities: -
e Training Deep Learning models for various intent classification.
e Testing the model efficiency by validating metrics and increasing its accuracy by
hyperparameter tuning.
e Writing Python scripts for post-processing of data to convert into client consumable format.
e Writing SQL queries to pull data from database for visualization thereby deriving key insights
from the data.
e Development for various python snippets for building end-to-end orchestration pipeline.
PROJECT 2: Identifying Legal Clauses in Employment and Settlement Contracts
Client: Infosys Global Legal UK
Business Objective: Identifying quantifiable information from employment and settlement
contracts in form of intents and entities by leveraging machine learning techniques to gain insights
from the contracts.
Technology Used: Machine Learning, Deep Learning, NLP
Tools and Languages: NIACA, Python, SQL
Duration: June’ 2019-May’2020
Responsibilities: -
e Training Deep Learning models for classifying various clauses via Deep Learning Models.
e Validating the models by evaluating metrics and choosing the model to be used for prediction
of unseen data.
e Writing Python scripts for pre-processing and post-processing of data
e Responsible for validating NER entity tagging to ensure proper training and prediction of
entities from clauses.
e Writing SQL queries to pull data from database for post-processing the data as per Business
requirement.
