Power BI services.
» Using page rank algorithm, a service was designed using python language using NLTK to summarize the text.
» NER algorithm was implemented using custom training data using Spacy to predict the categories out of the reports.
» To make this more optimum the technology was applied using other libraries like Spacy.
» Later to get it more interactive and insightful | used “Word2Vec” and the functionality of PySpark.
Automobile Client — Employee Learning & Development Data Analytics (Human Resource)
» Data Migration is done from on premise SQL data warehouse to Azure SQL database using Azure Data Factory.
» The dashboards were published in Power BI services.
» Descriptive Analytics helped HR to restructure the cost of trainings based on Employee feedback and re-evaluate the
trainings in terms of overall growth of the employee.
» Solution provided helped HR to identify the most recommended course and most beneficial courses in terms of both
cost and effectiveness.
Financial Partners — Predicting Non-Performing Assets (BFSI)
» The scope of NPA prediction is enormous as loans are the prime source of income for the banks and financial institutes.
» We tried to figure out effective business strategies for our banking sector clients which they can use to protect
themselves from the possible NPAs.
» Managed to find some relevant data, and did the data cleaning and EDA was done using python.
» The machine learning model was constructed using python.
» We used couple of algos like Logistic Regression, KNN, and Random Forest and delivered it to client.
Financial Partners — Credit Risk Prediction (BFSI)
» For a banking client, we provided a solution on real time data to predict the credit risk of a customer. Developed
solutions to client’s business problems by leveraging a mix of analytics and visualization tools.
» The machine learning model was constructed using python.
» The understanding of business impacts and the reasons for the delay was built on the previous researches on the topic.
» Data cleaning, EDA was done using python.
» Analyzing KPls and identifying tables and fields for the same.
» The dashboards and the stories related to the data were presented using Power BI.
» Tried achieving the solution using couple of algorithms and finally settled with XG boost to classify the risk.
SUMITOMO MITSUI INDIA LTD (PMC) — DELHI
» Responsible for presenting dashboards to the clients and documenting it.
» Responsible for Business and System Requirement Document, Data Dictionary and Technical User Guides for the
project. Responsible for creating Power BI dashboards and Stories with complex reports and dashboards with
calculations and publishing & scheduling them in Power BI Service
» Responsible for Validation of values before presenting it to the client.
» Formatting dashboards based on client’s formatting ad colors.
» Responsible for presenting dashboards to the clients and documenting it.
a EDUCATION
» MBA (DATA SCIENCE AND Al), NIIT UNIVERSITY, NEEMRANA, 2020 — 7.23 CGPA
» —B. TECH (MECHANICAL ENGINEERING), PUNJAB TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY, JALANDHAR, 2011 — 69.2%
a PERSONAL DETAILS
Languages Known: Hindi and English
Address:
| hereby declare that the above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge.
