EDUCATION SKILLS
Master of Science in Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence
upGrad Educations in affiliation with IIIT, Bangalore and Liverpool John Moores ° Data Science
. ; - e Python
University, England - completing in 2023
e = Shell
Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronics * Spark
Rajalakshmi Engineering College, Anna University, Chennai, CGPA:7.0, 2017 ° SOL
e
12" Standard, Computer Science e Scala
New Prince Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Chennai, Score:79%, 2013 °© AWSS3
e Docker
10° Standard
Prince Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Chennai, Score:83%, 2011
CERTIFICATIONS
e Business Analytics, IMS Proschool, Chennai
e ANIIT for Engineers (Programming), NIIT, Chennai
e Keizan Robotics Program- Level 1, Lema Labs, IIT Madras Research Park, Chennai
e Industrial Automation, Technocrat Automation
AWARDS & RECOGNITIONS
e Winner of Keizan Robotics Competition — Level 1 conducted at IIT Madras Research Park
by Lema Labs, Chennai
e Member of organizing committee in “COULOMB 2K15"- symposium by department of Electrical
and Electronics, Rajalakshmi Engineering College, Chennai
e Paper Presentation at International conference - ICTPACT by IEEE
PROJECTS (https://github.com/spragad)
Sentiment Analysis/Feedback Analysis: A real-time feedback analysis of twitter data using python. Web
scraping data from twitter using API, Data cleaning and pre-processing using NLTK and Text-Blob,
sentiment scores, analysis of scores and visualization of results.
Regression: A complete solution with python and flask for predicting the number of bikes rented from a bike
renting service at Korea. After the analysis, Random Forest Regressor is used for training the model. With
Flask and HTML/CSS, a web based interactive app is built using this model and the Demo is hosted on
http://spragad.pythonanywhere.com
Detection: A real time detection algorithm in Al using open-source models like Yolo and fine tuning it, to
detect humans & their faces. This project has a future scope of face-recognition, activity tracking and many
other applications.
Classification: A basic image classification technique done using Convolution Neural Network, using Keras
with TensorFlow backend in Python. Trained a Convolution Neural Network model that performs a binary
image classification.
| hereby declare that the above particulars furnished by me are true to the best of my knowledge
and belief.
rw
(PRAGADEESH S)
