\% 9689038709/9689641070
™% prakash.sathe3012@gmail.com Prakash Sy-laals
9 Sinhgad Collony Rahatani Pune-17 DY-he- Me lelr-lala is
 
SUMMARY
Data Scientist with 3 years of experience executing data-driven solutions to increase efficiency, accuracy, and utility of internal data
processing. Experienced at creating data regression models, using predictive data modeling, and analyzing machine learning
algorithms to deliver insights and implement action-oriented solutions to complex business problems.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Data Scientist Oct '18 - Present
Mphasis Pune, Maharashtra
Data and Machine Learning integration design & Data modelling
Project 1-
Description:
A financial company is providing loan where individuals can either invest in personal loans or request to borrow money provides full
performance and detailed transaction reporting from an easy-to-use merchant dashboard.
Roles:
¢ Evaluating client’s credit data and financial statements in order to determine the degree of risk involved in lending money to them.
¢ Analyzing client records and using the data to recommend payment plans.
¢ Evaluating the financial status of clients by producing financial ratios.
Project 2-
Description:
Involves Text-Pre-processing, Dynamic Language modelling, Natural Language Processing. TF-IDF is used to find the features of intra-
class documents. A statistical model is used to find and differentiate the inter-class features. K-Nearest Neighbor, Support Vector
Machine, Naive Bayes classifiers are used to classify the documents.
Roles:
¢ Connect and collaborate with subject matter experts in R&D, Commercial and Medical.
¢ Make impactful contributions to internal discussions on emerging machine learning methodologies.
¢ Educate the organization both from IT and the business perspectives on these new approaches, such as testing hypothesis and
statistical validation of results.
EDUCATION
BTech (GSMCOE PUNE)
* 66%
Diploma (SD Polytechnic Ahmednagar)
* 70.91%
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Languages: English, Hindi, Marathi
Hobbies: Martial Art, Outdoor games, Reading
KEY SKILLS
¢ Python, SQL, MongoDB
¢ Linear & Logistic Regression, Naive Bayes Classifier, K-NN, Support Vector Machines, Decision Trees, Random Forest, Adaboost
¢ Flask Web framework
« AWS
¢ Windows, Linux
¢ ML libraries & NLP
¢ Time Series
¢ AR, MA, ARMA, ARIMA, SARIMA, FBProphet
