Responsibilities:
> Established the connection using keys and tokens to authenticate Twitter API.
> Extracted the data by querying Twitter API, which fetched the data with information such as username
of the person, likes for the tweet, location of the user and stored the data in a dataframe.
> Preprocessed and cleaned the data by removing links, special characters using regex statements.
> Analyzed the sentiment of the data using TextBlob which gives polarity of the sentence ranging from [-1,1].
> Plotted Pie charts and bar charts for different sentiments and generated WordCloud for positive and negative
sentiments.
> Created an API using streamlit and flask and deployed the project on Heroku.
Project4:
Domain TRAVEL
Client , Lufthansa
Task Perform log analysis on different application servers.
Tools Linux, Elastic Search, Logstash, Kibana, Google Cloud
Responsibilities:
Performed log analysis and parsed the logs to logstash from different application servers.
Integrated the logs into Elastic search database using file beats.
Fetched the logs from Elastic search and displayed the results in Kibana dashboard, which
reduced the total manual effort of 60%.
Installed Metric beats to collect and display the server related metrics in Kibana.
Implemented several automation scripts using shell for KPI’s alerts based on their SLA’s.
VV VVWV
Personal Projects:
Project 1: Face Mask Detector
> Collected and annotated a set of 2K images with two different class labels i.e. mask and No mask
> Generated TFRecords for the training of the object detector.
> Configured the training files and trained the model (SSD_mobilenet) chosen from TFOD API using pre-trained
weights.
> Exported the inference graph and performed object detection to test the model.
Project 2: Question pair similarity problem
Task , Given pair of questions to predict if they are duplicates or not.
Algorithms XGBoost, Logistic Regression, Support vector machine (SVM)
Responsibilities:
> Loaded the data from the csv files and stored in a dataframe.
> Performed exploratory data analysis (EDA): Null or missing values, distribution of final class labels etc.
> Performed basic feature extraction on the data and applied preprocessing steps to remove html tags,
punctuations, stopwords etc.
> Converted the text data into vectors using Bag of words (BOW) and TF-IDF and scaled the data using
normalization and standardization techniques.
> Split the data into train and test set, applied various machine learning models on the training data, and
evaluated the models on test set.
> Evaluated the results of the misclassification using log-loss and binary confusion matrix methods.
Project 3: Text classification on food reviews
Task Given a review, determine whether the review is positive or negative
Algorithms KNN, Naive Bayes, Logistic Regression, Decision trees.
Responsibilities:
> Loaded the data from the csv files and stored in a dataframe.
> Performed exploratory data analysis and removed duplicates, filled missing values and analyzed the target
variable.
> Applied preprocessing steps on the text data to remove html tags, punctuations, stopwords etc.
> Converted the text data into vectors using Bag of words (BOW) and TF-IDF and scaled the data using
normalization and standardization techniques.
