e Implemented to check and eliminate the missing values and outliers in our dataset. In case
there are any missing entries, we will impute them with appropriate values (mode in case of
categorical feature, and median or mean in case of numerical feature).
e Performed a descriptive statistics on the data like numerical parameters, fields like mean,
standard deviation, percentiles, and maximum have been distributed. For categorical features,
count, unique, top (most frequent value), and corresponding frequency have been distributed.
e Implemented the machine learning model called linear regression in Supervised Learning
which predicts the major profits of distribution of foods across the world.
e Predicted values are stored in variables to visualize major profitable distribution of food
works across the world.
e Finally concluded the most profitable distribution of food works across the world by Data
Visualization.
Certifications
ython Programming Master Class
ython MySQL Data Base From Scratch.
Ansible Absolute for Beginners-Hands-On-Devops
achine Learning (Stanford University)
xploratory Data Analysis for Machine Learning (Coursera)
hat is Data Science (IBM Data Science Professional)
ools for Data Science (IBM Data Science Professional)
ata Science Methodology (IBM Data Science Professional)
ython for Data Science, AI & Development (IBM Data Science Professional)
atabases and SQL for Data Science with Python (IBM Data Science Professional)
etting Started with Data Analytics on AWS
What is Data Science (IBM Data Science Professional)
 
EDUCATION
 
Sree Vidyanikethan Engineering College, Tirupati.
Electrical and Electronics Engineering.
Accolades
 
e Awarded as a Top Performer.
e Customer Delight award for outstanding performance.
e SUPER SQUARD award for outstanding performance.
Personal Details
 
Date of Birth: 14th August 1998
Languages Known: English, Hindi, and Telugu
Address: #21/581, Beside Muni Reddy Colony, Colony, Near Honda Show Room, Jammalamadugu,
Kadapa District, Andhra Pradesh — 516434.
LinkedIn: http://linkedin.com/in/umesh-chandra-reddy-60a3551a0/
