Description:
Microbots minimizes the service engineers efforts by entering into the servers and reduces
the Memory,CPU,Disk and Patching for both windows and Linux client devices. We majorly created
the bots using ansible and AWX (Tower) for execution of bots using Git for storing the bots. By
Microbots creation majorly reduces the time and human intervention and increases revenue these
were majorly integrated with the lot of Ticketing tools as well.
Core Responsibilities:
«Developed Ansible Playbooks for Automate the patching activity for Service engineers used to
work for lot of Hours. The Report will be shared to the stakeholders with the required
information like patches installation status, services will be captured before installation process
like pre checks after installation it will gather the services snapshot compare both pre and post
if any service found to stop will restart automatically send report successfully implemented in
the production environment for all the clients.
¢ Developed a Python Script for integrating the Microbots Platform with service now using APIS.
«Developed Python Scripts for automatic reassignment of incidents in the service now using
APIS.
¢ Developed Python Script for inserting data into Mongo DB using APIS.
¢ Developed Ansible Playbook for automatic restart of the services for both windows and Linux.
«Developed Ansible Playbooks for adding the users and creation of groups in Active Directory
Services in Windows.
« Developed Ansible Playbooks for creation and deletion of roaming profiles in the Active directory
services.
«Developed Ansible Playbooks for creation and deletion of Service Principal name in the Active
directory services.
¢ Configured Scheduled builds for application deployment on non-prod environments.
«Installed and configured AWX Tower Environment for various customers.
¢ Expertise in creation of Docker containers and pods for non-prod deployments.
«Developed PowerShell scripts for automating the process for Service Manager Incident
Management.
« Developed flask APIS for Integration Microbots Platform with Service Manager.
#Project 3:- Data Science.
Name: Exploratory Data Analysis on Distribution of food works Dataset.
Client: Jubilant Life Sciences
Role: Data Science Engineer
Description:
Implemented exploratory data analysis on the Jubilant Life Sciences food works distribution,
Exploratory Data Analysis is a method of uncovering important relationships between the variables by
using Graphs, plots, and tables. Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) is a very useful technique especially
when you are working with the large unknown dataset. It allows you to investigate the interesting
relationships between the variables, study the different subsets of data to unlock the different patterns
in the data. Similarly Jubilant Life Sciences is having huge data of distribution of food works across
the country and have to understand the process of investigating the data to discover patterns,
trends, relationships and anomalies (outliers), and form hypotheses based on understanding of the
data predict the major profits of the distribution across the world.
Core Responsibilities:
e Defined exploratory data analysis with an overview of the whole project.
e Distrubution of food works data will be inserted to database.
e Devloped python script which retrives the data from database and store in the form of CSV
files in Linux server with in a specified path.
e Developed python script to read the data from a CSV file from a specified path into a Pandas and
Numpy DataFrame.
