> Web Service :- REST-JSON, DRF (Django Rest Framework)
> Development Tools :- Pycharm, Notepad ++
> OS and Networking :- Windows XP,Windows 10, Ubuntu/Linux 18.2
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE SUMMARY
Currently working as a Python Data scientist with Tech Mahindra, Pune since May 2019 to till date.
Project-Sequence 1
Project Title: Intelligent Analytical Grid
System/Component: Payment, E- commerce, CRM
Technology: Python , ETL ,Django Rest, Pandas
Role — Python Data scientist
Important Modules:
e Sales Analytics ,Data Repository collection ,Customer Behavior Analytics ,Marketing Performance analysis
e Conversion Optimization ,Product analytics
Roles and Responsibilities:
Involved in requirement analysis, design, estimation and testing of the assigned tasks in open stack with BA.
Interpreting data, analyzing results using statistical techniques.
Developing and implementing data analyses, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical
efficiency and quality.
Design python script wrt to ensure functionalities meets customer requirements.
Acquiring data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databases.
Work with stakeholders to determine how to use business data for valuable business solutions.
Search for ways to get new data sources and assess their accuracy.
Browse and analyze enterprise databases to simplify and improve product development, marketing techniques,
and business processes.
Create custom data models and algorithms.
Use predictive models to improve customer experience, ad targeting, revenue generation, and more.
Develop the organization’s test model quality and A/B testing framework.
Coordinate with various technical/functional teams to implement models and monitor results.
Develop processes, techniques, and tools to analyze and monitor model performance while ensuring data
accuracy.
Project-Sequence 2
Project Name_: Integrated Virtual Terminal
System/Component: Payment System, Telecom BSS
Technology:Python , Django , Oracle ,GIT ,SVN ,Rest — Web service ,Pandas ,ETL,Statistical Analysis
Roles: Python Data analyst
Roles and Responsibilities:
Understand and analyze customer requirements and business logic .
Built multifunction readmission reports using python pandas and Django frame work.
Involved in preparing low level design of application .
To take part in software and architectural development activities.
Involved in designing and preparation of call flows with usability services.
Perform data exploratory analysis using Matlplotlib,Collected historical data and third party data from
different data source.
