Data Scientist +91-6354259293
Phase 1, Hinjewadi +91-9601259301 (whats app)
Pune, Maharashtra 411057 RASI K JAI N rasik.jain@mtech2017.iitgn.ac.in
https://www.linkedin.com/in/rasik- rasik6627265@gmail.com
jain-79a18519a/ D.O.B: 17/06/1996
EDUCATION
Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar, Gujarat July 2017 — June 2019
Gandhinagar (IITGN)
e M.Tech. in Mechanical, CGPA: 7.5
e Research Project: Modelling and Simulation of Active vibration control system for a flexible structure (plate) using finite
difference method.
Chhattisgarh Swami Vivekananda Bhilai, Chhattisgarh June 2013 — June 2017
Technical University (CSVTU)
e B.E. in Mechanical, CGPA: 8.99
e Research Project: To design and developed a working model of air cushion vehicle (ACV) or hovercraft.
WorK EXPERIENCE
Data Science Trainee Almabetter, Bangalore, KA June 2021 — Present
¢ Fundamental of python, introduction to NumPy, Introduction To Pandas, Pandas operation, Introduction to data visual-
ization using Matplotlib and Seaborn.
e Ml calculus, Linear Algebra, probability theory, descriptive and inferential statistics, Hypothesis testing, A/B testing.
e Introduction to Machine Learning, Linear Regression Implementation, Bias-Variance Tradeoff, Regularized Linear Re-
gression, Cross-Validation & Hyperparameter Tuning, Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Ensembles of Decision Trees,
K-Nearest Neighbors, Naive Bayes Classifier, Support Vector Machines, Neural Networks, K-Means Clustering, Hierarchi-
cal Clustering, Principal Component Analysis, Anomaly Detection, Introduction to Natural Language Processing, Topic
Modeling, Recommender Systems - Collaborative Filtering, Content Based Filtering,Time Series Analysis
Product Engineer Rightbot Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore, KA June 2020 — June 2021
e Focuses on development of robots for picking totes and cardboard boxes in warehouses.
e Manufactured parts and components using plethora of manufacturing process and machines like laser cutting, water
jet cutting, electrical discharge machining, 3D printing (FDM & SLA), VMC, CNC wood and plastic cutters etc.
e Managed vendor selection and communicate requirements to vendors. Task management on JIRA
¢ Contribute to development of innovative solution to difficult problems in warehouse automation domain
Product Design Engineer Addverb Technology, Noida, UP July 2019 - June 2020
e Worked with a team of mechanical engineers on design,innovation and production of products related to warehouse
Intra-logistic automation domain such as automated guided vehicle (AGV), autonomous mobile robot (AMR), pallet
stacker crane, pallet shuttle system, sorter robot, safety trolley, roller, belt and chain conveyors etc.
¢ Coordinate with purchase, quality control, manufacturing and project management team to resolve any design related
issue impacting onsite projects or in-house production and to improve product design.
e Prepared bill of material (BOM), design calculation, product specification and assembly documentation, animation and
presentation using MS-Office, NX-MCD, blender and filmora
PROJECTS
NYC trip prediction
e Built a regression model using linear regression, Decision tree regressor and XGBoost models to predict taxi time in NYC.
e Used a folium graph to visualize the pickup and drop o locations.
e Employed processing techniques such as feature scaling, outliers treatment, missing values and performed sampling to
generate train and test data.
e Applied Lasso and Ridge regularisation for optimizing the t of the model and hyperparameter tuning, which resulted in
an Adjusted R square score of 0.71 on the test data
Credit card default prediction
e Developed a binary classication model using algorithms such as XGBoost and SVC to predict whether a customer will
default on credit card payments.
