L2 Engineer
Wipro Infotech
Aug 2016 - Jul 2018 / Gurugram
" Providing solutions and problem resolution to customers, with a strong sense
of commitment and drive towards customer service.
" Collaborating with all levels of senior management at multiple organizations
to meet organizational IT goals and expectations
. Developing or refining organizational performance measurement or security
metrics.
PROJECTS
Refund Risk Score
" Designed a classification model to predict the risk score of RFD-01 Refund
Applications(Inverted Tax Structure under the GST).
" To build this model used historical data of RFDO1 Refund applications, and
GSTIN network properties, with Income tax returns data. Prepared the
dataset by cleaning and scaling
" Applied logistic regression to predict the Risk Score of the Refund
Applications.
Search HSN code by Product name or Description
" Developed a ML based model to suggest relevant HSN codes as per the
goods/service name or description entered by the user
" prepared a data dictionary for the model using historical data, cleaned up the
raw data to create a data dictionary, and then converted this data from
textual format to tabular format by using FastText.
Document Classification
" Using the document classification technique, we need to label .pdf files into
categories according to their contents
" Extracted content from editable and scanned pdf files by using tesseract ocr,
and then applied Data Cleaning techniques (Lemmatization, convert to
lowercase, removal of stopwords and special characters etc.), and after that
used feature Engineering techniques (TF-IDF,Word2Vec) to convert data from
textual format to tabular format.
" Applied unsupervised machine learning algorithms on tabular data to create
the desired clusters of documents, so that document retrieval can be
accelerated.
Fraud Taxpayer Detector
" Build ML model or calculating the Probability to default by GST Tax payers.
" Used data of the GST-Ri, GST-R2A and GST- R3B, PAN, Aadhar to build a ML
model, to catch those taxpayers. Who may be defaulter in future.
" Build a scoring model by using a supervised machine learning model Logistic
Regression
