Medium: https://riteshs919.medium.com/
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/riteshs919
Portfolio: https://eportfolio.greatlearning.in/ritesh-singh
RITESH SINGH Ph.No: 9019490118
Data Scientist Email to: ritesh.s919@gmail.com
GitHub: https://github.com/riteshs919
Kaggle: https://www.kaggle.com/riteshs919
“Every day in every way I’m getting better and better”
  
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Aspiring data scientist with 2+ years of experience as a Python Developer. Passionate about building models that fix problems. Relevant
skills include machine learning, writing, problem solving, programming and creative thinking.
SKILLS
Programming Languages: Python, SQL | | Machine Learning: Classification, Regression, Clustering, Data Mining, Model Performance,
AdaBoost, Decision Trees, Random Forest, Principal component analysis | | Data Reporting Tool & Database Language: Tableau, Excel, SQL
Statistical Methods: Exploratory Data Analysis, Predictive Analysis, Hypothesis, Basket Analysis, Text Analytics, Dimensionality Reduction
EXPERIENCE
Tata Consultancy Services
Data Science Analyst (Supply Chain Analytics) Apr 2021-Present
e Project Title -Push Sell through surplus inventory
Objective- To make a model which identifies the surplus inventory, Ranks the SKUs based on the ranking criteria and
publish the list of push sell SKUs.
Outcome - The model implementation reduced the inventory, demonstrate valuable products and prioritizes the SKUs and
has potential revenue generation of $39M.
Tools Used - Python, Power BI
Python Developer Feb 2019-Mar 2021
e Project Title -Mesh Prediction Model
Objective - To predict the mesh size of thousands of surfaces in a component to minimize user intervention
Outcome - The model implementation increased efficiency of tools by 80% and reduced user intervention by 90%.
The code is used in many other tools.
Tools Used — Python
e Process Automation: Developed Process automation tools which are used by 4 Analyst teams on more than 10 different types of
complex automotive components using Python which reduced time by 80 % and user intervention by 90%. Numeric Data is
involved to make these tools. This data is Huge and includes coordinates in 3D space. Concepts of KNN, Logistic Regression, Linear
Algebra, Coordinate Geometry and Vectors are used.
e Developed Thread removal model using Linear Algebra in Python to find out thread surfaces in the components and remove
them.
e Followed Agile in all projects for continuous improvements and time reduction
INTERNSHIPS
Quikr
Operations Intern (4 months): Responsible for Inventory management at hub level. Produced monthly Inventory reports and stock planning
reports using advanced Excel spreadsheet functions. People management and vendor management.
ABB India Pvt. Ltd
Sales & Marketing Intern (4 Months): Tracked leads in Salesforce.com. Responsible for market research, lead generation using project
research platforms and Producing Dashboards and reports using Salesforce.com.
EDUCATION
The University of Texas and Great Lakes Chennai UVCE (Bangalore University)
PGP in Data Science and Business Analytics B.E in Mechanical Engineering
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
e Gems Price Prediction:
— Thecompany is earning different profits on different prize slots. Prediction of price has to be made for the stones to
distinguish between higher profitable stones and lower profitable stones so as to have better profit share.
— Important parameters are identified which affects the price
— Key skills: Python, EDA, Machine learning
e Holiday Package Prediction:
— Tohelp the company in predicting whether an employee will opt for the package or not and find out the important
factors on the basis of which the company will focus on particular employees to sell their packages.
— Key skills: Python, EDA, Machine learning
