XZEDS
IT Skills
R — Studio 3.1, Visual Studio 2010
Scripting = Python 3.x, Pandas, Keras, Seaborn, Tensorflow, nlitk, Re
Operating system Windows /2000/2003/2008/Windows7
Database MS SQL Server, MongoDB, MS Excel
 
Statistics Descriptive, Predictive, Inferential Analysis
Project Management Tool Jira 8.1, HPALM
Version Control SVN,Git
Academic Qualification
Data Scientist at Reach out Analytics Pvt.Ltd
Project: Credit Risk Analytics -Fraud Detection in Vehicle Insurance Claim
Description: The Aim of this project to identify potential business customers by predicting the
“defaulters” as well as “Good and Bad customers”. We have used Supervised and Unsupervised
techniques to come to the conclusion on the customer behavior to offer Credit Card.
Environment: Python 3.x, Jupyter, NLTK, SPACY
 
Data Scientist at Reach out Analytics Pvt.Ltd
Project: EHS (EPISCOPAL HEALTH SERVICES Inc), U.S.
Description: Episcopal Health Services Inc. is an acute care hospital on the Rockaway
peninsula, southern Queens County, and southwestern Nassau County. The company
provides medical, surgical, emergency, and diagnostic services for residents of The
Rockaways, the Five Towns, southern Queens, and southwestern Nassau County.
Data Scientist at Reach out Analytics Pvt.Ltd
Project: Paraphrase Detection
Description: Paraphrase detection, which means analyzing sentences that are semantically
identical. We propose to detect the semantic similarity between two texts of the same
language to establish the similarity. To find related sentences written in natural language is
complex for various applications, like text summarization, plagiarism detection, information
retrieval and question answering system etc
Data Scientist at Reach out Analytics Pvt.Ltd
Project: E-Commerce Review Prediction, Fashionista, US.
Description: This isa Women’s Clothing E-Commerce dataset revolving around the reviews
written by customers. Its nine supportive features offer a great environment to parse out
the text through its multiple dimensions. Because this is real commercial data, it has been
anonymized, and references to the company in the review text and body have been
replaced with “retailer”.
References: Available on Request.
