e Responsible in developing Object detection algorithm which were manually annotated using
Labellmg a Github repository to support template matching algorithm.
e Used Camelot package to extract table data from pdf and store them in excel.
Environment: Python, Selenium, Keras, Microsoft planner, JSON, Tensorflow, Labellmg, Camelot.
Assistant System’s Engineer | Machine Learning Engineer
Trivandrum, India Jun 2020—- Mar 2021
Roles and Responsibilities:
e Designed and developed ICR engine on Hand written numbers and Integrated it to main base code.
e Used Labellmg to annotate the Image data for ICR Engine.
e Created a single python reusable script with selenium components.
e Developed a rule based engine on extracted data from Image.
e Developed a code to send multiple images to Azure OCR and GCP OCR in a single API call to reduce
the number of calls.
e Used OpenCV to perform operations on Image data to specifically slice the image into multiple pieces.
e Research on Orthodontics that aided in discovering the process of treating numerous orthodontic
problems using Machine learning.
Environment: Python, Keras, Flask, Selenium, OpenCV, API, ICR, Tensorflow
Assistant System’s Engineer Trainee | Technical Trainer
Kochi, India Jun 2019 — Jun 2020
Roles and Responsibilities:
e Developed a Template based Image processing algorithm to extract review data.
e Using basics of OpenCV divided the image to various sections.
e Developed a checkbox detection algorithm to detected checked boxes in a tiff file.
e Developed an automation tool to fill data in a website using Selenium and Python.
e Worked on NLP along with medical data which is used to reduce the vaccine release time.
e Involved in Knowledge sharing sessions on python to 800 associates across the globe.
e Trained around 600 associates in TCS for the ILP program.
e Involved in designing Angular JS webpages for a usecase.
Environment: Python, Java, Angular JS, SOL, Selenium, OpenCV, NLP, Spicy, NLTK, String functionalities.
