e Automatic Service Ticket Classification:
Problem Statement: Customer agents have to assign tags or categories to each ticket depending
on their content, which routes them to the team based on the priority. Cisco Aftemarket services
initiated a project to automate the classification of the prioritizing tickets. We have developed a
machine learning model that will automatically classify the ticket, helped in routing and
prioritizing tickets that are more urgent. This project helped in automating customer support
processes to make business even more efficient
Responsibilities:
e Cleaned and transformed the corpus
e@ Pre-processed data on text like removing stop-words, stemming, and lemmatization,
vectorization and standardization
@ Developed multiple machine learning algorithms.
@ Built Deep learning model using LSTM, and used Softmax Classifier to classify the data. We
observed that Deep Learning model performs better than classical MLmodel
e Carrying out classification of tickets as per given data.
e Deployed Machine Learning model using AWS EC2 instance
Tools and Techniques used: Python, Scikit Learn ,Keras , LSTM ,Softmax Classifier.
e Project: Item Hub (March 2017 — April2018)
Client: Cisco Systems
Description: EGenie is currently used at Cisco Systems for the purpose of providing a single view
for third party vendors to buy Cisco products.
Responsibilities:
1. Provided immediate remedial actions for the bugs identified.
2. Performed root cause analysis on cisco producttransactions.
3. Developed and tested new product offerings prior to release to assist development team
in bug Identification and provided solutions for operation issues to users of Cisco vendors.
Personal Projects (Git-Hub: https://github.com/Bomma-Hub/ )
1. Amazon Food Reviews Data Corpus:
Description:
e Performing sentimental analysis on Amazon Food Review Data corpus using various Machine
Learning(K-NN, Naive Bayes, Logistic etc. ) and Deep Learning Techniques (performed various
MLP architectures) and achieved an accuracy of 85%.
2. Personalized Medicine: Redefining Cancer Treatment:
Description:
e Distinguishing the mutations that contribute to tumor growth.
e Performed EDA and implemented various classification Algorithms like Naive-Bayes, Logistic,
Max-voting and stacked layer and achieved a Log-Loss < 1.0%.
Academic Details:
e@e 2016: B. Tech. in Electronics and Communication Engineering from Bharat Institute of
engineering & Technology.
Personal Details:
Date of Birth: 25" December 1994
Languages Known: English, Hindi and Telugu
Address: Hyderabad, India [Nikki's Men’s PG, Bahadurpally-500043 |
