Sanjana PV LinkdIn
pvsanjana97@gmail.com ORO)
Bangalore, India
+91-9942420384
  
[=]
PROFILE SUMMARY
An eager developer with a thirst to explore and work with new-age technologies to solve real-world problems. Seeks to
employ excellent analytical and coding skills. Have knowledge and hands-on experience in the fields of Machine
learning, Natural language processing, data structures, ETL, and data analysis with Python and Pyspark. Proficient in data
modeling, development, and maintenance in SQL Server, DAX, Power BI, Analysis Services SSAS, AWS Cloud, and APIs
within Agile methodology. Can manage technical as well as functional aspects of the project.
 
 
SKILLSET
e Languages Known: Python(Advanced), Java, C/CPP, DAX, PowerShell Scripting, R-Script
e@ Database and Analytical Tools: SQL, MySQL, Power BI, SSAS, Excel
@ Python ML Frameworks: Pandas, Numpy, Pyspark, Tensorflow, MLlib, Keras
e@ Machine Learning: Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning, Supervised learning.
e Version Control system: GIT
@ Other: Jenkins, Ansible, NEXUS Repo, Control M
WORK EXPERIENCE
e Société Générale (April 2021 to the current date) as Specialist Software Engineer.
e Société Générale (July 2019 to March 2021) as Software Engineer.
e Société Générale (January 2019 to June 2019) as Intern - Data Engineer.
e iMetrix Vision Technology India Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore (June 2018) as Intern App Developer
WORK PROJECTS DETAILS
 
Automated Data insights and Business Intelligence tool:
Jan 2019 — Present
e Made reporting tool for integrating the data from different sources and giving user-friendly and easy to analyze insight-full
dashboards using Power BI and Excel.
e Generating Summaries and dynamic commentaries in Python and DAX using NLG to summarize the data and results in the
dashboard.
e Handling more than 300 files in a language-agnostic manner daily hence reducing latency from 3 days to Order of seconds
and man-hours by 2200hr/ weekly.
e Developed customizable ETL Flow to collect data from different sources like text, CSV, Excel files, API, SharePoint, Scality
(AWS), ZIP file extract.
Completely redeveloped the legacy Data Integration for all projects with Python.
Made Process Monitoring Automation for all the live projects in the team.
End to End automation of collecting, retrieving, storing, and displaying data insights for the end-user in the form of
interactive dashboards.
e Worked on Setting up automated CI/CD pipelines using GIT, Jenkins, NEXUS Repo, and Ansible for the whole department
which deploys the code on the live server with a single commit or merges in GIT
e Responsible for both functional and technical aspects of the project, including requirement gathering, deciphering business
logic to setup language-agnostic interfaces for end-users considering a trade-off between scalability and latency,
maintainability, roadmap planning, architecture setup, data modeling, database design in SQL Server, Stored Procedures to
load dimensions and facts, ETL implementation using Python and SSIS, Implementation of business logic in DAX in SSAS
cube, Power BI dashboards to analyze along with data insight-full summaries.
@e Engaged with stakeholders to understand requirements, formulated designs, and provided regular deliverables.
