CONTACT ME
Email: satabdi.gantayat@gmail.com
Mobile: +917008331939
lal <-tellar
https://www.linkedin.com/in/Satabdi77
Github: https://github.com/Satabdi77
Address: Bangalore, India
PROFESSIONAL
SKILLS
Statistics
Data Mining
Data Science
Machine Learning
NLP
Python Full stack development
Tools & Languages: Python, Sal,
PostgreSQL, MongoDB, HTML, CSS,
javascript, Ajax, j}Query,Tableau
e Framework : Django, Flask
AWARDS
RECEIVED
A Awarded as "Star Rookie" in
"CCD PRESTIGE AWARDS" of
Infosys ltd
Awarded as "Star Of CCD" in
"CCD PRESTIGE AWARDS" of
Infosys ltd.
Awarded in "GOLD Category"
in Infosys IT Award.
Certification in "Machine
learning Specialization"
sponsored by Electronics & ICT
Academy, IIT Roorkee
EDUCATION
International Institute Of
Information Technology Bangalore
2021-2022
GmmD)| 0} Lo) aat- mia By-le-msvel-Jale=
National Institute of Science and
Technology
2015-2019
Btech in Computer Science(honors)
 
SATABDI GANTAYAT
A Data Science aspirant with highly motivated and leadership skills
having objective is to perceive a career in a renowned firm that
gives me a chance to update my knowledge. | have the expertise in
python Full stack development with proven abilities to handle
pressure, provide quick solution and fixes during critical time.
Senior System Engineer
Infosys Ltd | July 2021- present
e Auto Categorization: This model helps to categorize
complaints in respective request categories. | have used NLTK
library for text analysis and SVM, NB classifier to test the
model. Using this model manual effort can be reduced
~5hours a day.
e Data Refresh: It helps to sync and maintain data between
production and development. We can do performance testing
here so can Save separate testing time of more than 30hrs ina
month. It can refresh 1Million of data within a minute so
accordingly can save ~130 hours per month.
System Engineer
Infosys Ltd | May 2019- july 2021
e DBaasS: This tool helps in automatically allocating of database
without any manual intervention and any software approval
from respective team. We can save 15 to 18days in a month.
DB creation from traditional method was taking 4hours is
reduced to 5min. DBA effort of 2000+ hours is saved.
e Teradata Bteq and View Parser: This tool takes bteq/sql
scripts as input and parses the query and generates detailed
output of columns ,its transformations and their related
source and target informations. Manual effort can be saved
upto 200+ hours ina month.
e Bike Rental: This predictive model understands how exactly
the demands for bike rental vary with different features and
manipulate the business strategy to meet the demand levels
and customer expectations. Used Regularized Linear
Regression with Recursive Feature Elimination.
e Lead Score: This aims to find ways to get more industry
professionals to join courses in X Education and which
variables matter the most in the potential buyers. Used Logistic
Regression. The ballpark of the target lead conversion rate was
30% which can be increased to around 70%.
e Telecom Churn: This model can predict if the customer will
churn or notin a particular month based on the past data. Used
Logistic Regression with PCA. This predictive model identify
important predictor attributes which helps the company to
take action steps such as providing special plans. Hence It can
be reduced customer churns by 8%.
