Saurabh Tonpe
Data Scientist
Data Scientist with 3+ years of broad-based experience in building data-intensive applications, overcoming complex architectural, and
scalability issues. Proficient in predictive modeling, data processing and data mining algorithms as well as programing language like
Python. Capable of creating, developing, testing and deploying highly adaptive diverse services to translate business and Functional
qualifications into substantial deliverables.
M4 saurabhtonpe@gmail.com [] 7972738838 Q Pune,India 4 27 April, 1992
 
WORK EXPERIENCE GENERAL SKILLS
— Data Scientist Predictive Modeling
StanceCode Technology Pvt. Ltd.
03/2018 - 08/2021 Pune, India Data Visualization Feature Engineering
Roles and Responsibility
© Drive the interaction and partnership between the managers Pattern Recognition Statistical Analysis
to ensure active cooperation in identifying as well as
defining analytical needs, and generating the pull-through of Database Structures & Algorithms
insights with the business.
© Demonstrate knowledge and execution of application Pythonanywhere Quality Management
programming interface development and test automation.
© Utilize analytical and technical expertise to provide insights Agile Methodologies Data Preparation
and proposals to support business improvements.
© Conducted business analysis to understand business needs
and requirements to translate into conceptual designs.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
— Financial Monitoring . Database/Servers:
Credit card revenue inflow estimator © MySQL, Mongodb
06/2020 - 08/2021
Tasks: Programing Language:
© Estimate credit card defaulters to get an idea of how much © Python, Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Flask, SQL, Machine
revenue is going to be generated in the coming Financial Learning, Regression, Classification model.
year.
Other Software/Tools:
© Helps in budget management, strategy formulation and © Windows, Git, AWS, Pivotel, Heroku, Pycharm, Jupytor
reduces error by up to 24%
© Used different classification models like XGboost, SVM, Project Responsibilities
Logistic regression, Decision tree for the best accuracy © Share and update task on Jira, Make mom after the meting, Share
score. daily stat report, Handle client call etc.
— Robo-Advisory
Customer income classifier EDUCATION
07/2019 - 04/2020 B.E. in Electronics & Telecommunication (2016)
Tasks: GH Raisoni College of Engineering and Management, Pune
© A classification method has been created to determine
whether someone earns more than $40,000 per year or not.
© This helped in marketing the right banking product to the LANGUAGES
right customer and thereby increased revenue by 8%.
© Used Pivotel platform to run the app. English Hindi
Full Professional Proficiency Full Professional Proficiency
— Fraud Detection and Prevention Marathi
Insurance Fraud claim detection Full Professional Proficiency
03/2018 - 04/2019
Tasks:
© A model has been created to determine whether a customer INTERESTS
is making a Fraudulent motor insurance claim.
© By using this model minimizes the loss through a fraudulent Play Badminton Trekking Watch Tennis
claim by 12%.
© Used flask web-app development framework.
