Shekhar Tripathi
shekhartripathi1810@gmail.come +91 9993538447 elinkedin.com/in/shekhar-tripathi-0b9647140
DATA SCIENTIST
Highly motivated professional with 3+ years of rich and versatile experience in analytics and data science. Worked
across diverse set of industries such as Banking and Retail. Demonstrated experience in stakeholder management
and helping clients drive business through data-driven insights. Proven experience in building machines learning
models — supervised and unsupervised learning. Seeking challenging roles to grow and prosper in data science.
SKILLS
Machine Learning Specializations: Random Forest, K-Means, XGBoost, FBProphet, Sklearn
Technical Tools: Python, SQL, PowerBl, Advanced-excel
EXPERIENCE
KPS KEPCO 2018 — Current
Data Scientist
e Developed Redemption propensity model to predict the likelihood of redemption of the customer in campaign
for 4 Major provinces in China Market. Increased the ROI by reducing the target base of the customer by greater
than 30%. Used Random Forest to build the model.
e Organized personalized campaigns by identifying shopping patterns of the customer for the various objectives
like increase the sales, new product engagement, increase footfall, enhance customer basket by using statistical
method & unsupervised learning (K —means clustering).
e Automated the process for campaign measurement& provided the KPI’s like uplift per customer, ROI & various
metrics to check for the campaign effectiveness on multiple levels.
e Performed Ad-hoc analysis to help client understand various underlying insights like impact of the Covid19 &
quarterly sales increment for making the long-term strategic decisions.
e Developed Anomaly Detection model using Time series forecasting to ensure the data quality of the variables
which is the input to various FRAUD models. New framework has reduced the false alerts raised compared to
existing DMA by 30%. Used Prophet by FB.
e Investigated the potential alerts raised by the algorithm, drilled downed to root cause for the most significant
one’s & discovered the fault & frauds in the transactions & implemented the fix.
e Implemented various statistical technique-based rules for maintaining the quality and integrity of data in the
data flow.
EDUCATION
MCU Bhopal 2017 — 2018
Post Graduation Diploma in Web Communication
ADDITIONAL
e Won the Best Entry Level Employee 2018 for exceptional performance in the first year.
