Responsibilities:
e Working over the entire Data life cycle: Cleaning, Mining, Analysis, Modelling, Optimization,
Validation, Reporting, Dashboarding.
e Working in Collaboration with Onsite Data Scientists and Technical Consultants to deliver the best
possible Solution to the Client according to their Business Requirement & Client coordination from
requirement gathering to UAT acceptance as well as moving to Live Environment.
e Worked with Asset Management Team managing asset dataset which includes all the assets
owned by Bell.
e Manages the maintenance of records and databases containing information regarding licenses,
warranties, and service agreements for the organization's hardware and software.
e Analysed assets data as per management requirements to find out particular insights.
e Develop presentations and reports to manage operations of the IT procurement and inventory
management function. Creating actionable insights from wireless data to continuously improve
performance of Bell’s wireless services
e Development of Orchestration Layer, Development of API’s and Integration to the Watson
Services.
e Statistical analysis on Big-Data sources and normal data sources, graph based behavioural
analysis, feature engineering, machine learning, data visualization, modelling and anomaly
detection
e Involved in Azure transformation projects. Data Modelling/Database Design/ETL for various
projects using Azure Data Platform services (Azure Data Lake, Data Factory, Azure SQL DW,
HDInsight/Databricks, NoSQL DB)
IT WORK EXPERIENCE
Atos|Syntel OcT 2018 To FEB 2021
Role: Data Scientist
Languages/Tools: Python, Scikit-learn, Machine Learning, Azure, Hadoop (Map Reduce, HDFS), SQL, Tableau
Responsibilities:
e Worked over the entire Data life cycle: Cleaning, Mining, Analysis, Modelling, Optimization,
Validation, Reporting, Dashboarding.
e Provide business users Visual Analysis and interactive dashboards to help them analysis and
explore data.
e Translate Business Requirements and hypothesis to successful analyses and insights to aid business
decision making.
e Ability to analysis requirement using statistical techniques and using machine learning algorithms
and interpret result to support better decisions.
e Analyzing the data and understanding the columns to find out the feature variables. Understanding
the data to find out the trend and the behaviour of the data.
e Work with business & product teams to identify high impact data science problems
e Cleaning and organizing raw data and creating visualizations to help the company interpret and
make decisions with the data.
e Preparing reports with insights and presenting to client.
Resume of Shraddha Jaiswal Page 2
