slalelelar-laam@arcleleialela
WORK EXPERIENCE
TATA Consultancy Services — System Engineer
4 years of experience in software development, design and
maintenance, unit testing, gained working as a System Engineer in
Tata Consultancy Services.
Extensive experience in end-to-end development of software from
requirement analysis to system study, designing, coding, unit testing
and de-bugging.
Managed TPA Management (Health Claim) module single handedly
for 3 years in activities like - Development, Customer Query, and
Production Support etc.
Developed TPA Dashboard with real time data analysis by data
visualization with stacked bar graph for Health claims using Dash
and Plotly modules of Python.
Strong communication, interpersonal and analytical skills with the
ability to work in a fast-paced team environment and quick learner
of new software technologies.
Expert in coding complex and advanced PL/SQL programs using
Oracle's Object- Oriented programming, collections, records, index-
by tables, object types, Functions, Procedures, Exception handling,
Views, Packages, Triggers and other methods.
Worked in implementation of creating chatbot which provides
information of Insurance Policy, Claim details and Payment tracker
of claims.
Worked in implementation of Image processing using Al in building
model for License plate detection from car image and matching it
with RC Book.
Worked on Production Support with SLA timeline.
Over 3 years of working experience in Insurance domain and
Financial Services and its terminologies.
Experience in web development using HTMLS, Angular JS and MVC.
Worked in converting Silverlight pages into HTML pages with
Angular JS and MVC Architecture.
DAR ol a¥-VU Lol avelamcialelelar-laalCurdearelimeclan
@® 7001464995
Mal<cxeliamecelaaValavacialelelat-laaterarclerelalela
 
PROFILE
A System Engineer with more than 4
years of experience in the IT industry
including Data Science, Machine Learning
and expertise in working in Financial
Services and Insurance projects handling
large datasets. Hands-on experience in
developing, monitoring, debugging, web
developing, performance tuning and
production support following Agile
methodologies. Have Strong analytical and
quantitative skills and ability to analyze
patterns and trends in large data sets.
Knowledge of Data Science, Machine
Learning, Deep Learning, Python, SQL and
NLP .
SKILLS
e Databases: Oracle 10g/11g/12c
e SDLC Model: Agile, Waterfall Model
e Data Science: Machine Learning, Deep
Learning, NLP, Predictive Analysis ,
Regression , Classification
e Cloud: AWS
e IDE’s & Utilities: Jupyter Notebook,
PyCharm, PL/SQL Developer, Microsoft
Visual Studio
e Programming Languages: Python, SQL
e Scripting Languages: HTML5, JavaScript
e Defect Tracking Tool: Web Prompt
e Framework: Bootstrap, MVC
