¢ Real time emotion recognition from customer care conversation - Recognize emotion of customer while
conversation is going on real time using Attention 3D RCNN (Bi-LSTM), accuracy of 78%.
¢ Doctor-Patient Conversation analysis - Identify symptoms of disease, sentiment of patient from
Doctor-patient Conversation using speaker diarization.
¢ APIs - POV done on AWS transcribe, Google speech to text, Google natural language api, Amazon
comprehend, AWS medical comprehend, Amazon Polly, IBM speech to text, IBM tone analyser.
Trainee Sep 2018 — Dec 2018
Accenture, India
¢ Landmark Detection using Deep Learning - A chatbot based image classification application using Transfer
Learning with Inception V3 model, DialogFlow and HTML page (JSON and Flask), which accepts images from
user and predict the landmark.
Researcher, NIT Rourkela 2017 — 2018
Air Quality Monitoring System
¢ Various Air Quality sensors like MQ2, MQ7, DHT22, GP2Y1010 etc were integrated with Arduino Mega(based
on ATmega 2560) & then using IoT module, data was being sent to Thingspeak.com for further analysis and
monitoring. Also, it had an option of sending sms to the user if any parameter exceeded the defined threshold.
Summer Research Intern, ITT Kanpur 2015
Micro contact printing for fabrication of Transister
¢ Worked in clean lab at Centre for Nano-sciences, ITT Kanpur & created microbe-based masters for micro
contact printing. Developed methods for their preparation and worked for creation of Transistors
SKILLS
AI-ML:Machine Learning, Deep Learning (Neural Network), Speech & NLP, Computer Vision
Frameworks: Tensorflow, Keras, Dialogflow, OpenCV
Languages: Python, R
Others: Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Powerpoint, Word), LaTex
ACHIEVEMENTS AND AWARDS
¢ Bagged 2nd position globally across 18 countries and 531 participants in Accenture AI Global Hackathon, 2020
e Authored and presented the research paper, ” Voice Controlled Media Player”, at the SIRS’19 conference.
¢ Won Ist position in AILNXT competition held in Accenture India across 58 teams, 2019
e Awarded with SPOT award for contributing new ideas that helped provide higher value to the client (T-Mobile)
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
 
Founder & Digital Influencer at The.Roadtaken 2020-Present
Instagram, 10K+ followers
¢ Icreate online content, to share my experiences on food and places. Worked with more than 50 brands and
online businesses to help them build their brand and social media presence by sharing relevant content.
Central Coordinator at Institute Counselling Service (ICS) 2016-2018
NIT Rourkela, India
¢ Worked as central coordinator (2017-2018) and mentor (2016-2017) at ICS. It’s a noble initiative by the Director,
Prof Animesh Biswas aimed to deals with the issues a student face academically, financially & mentally.
Mess Secretary at C.V.R. Hall of Residence 2015-2016
NIT Rourkela, India
¢ Asan elected member of Hostel Management council (HMC) I was responsible for checking the quality of
food, mess maintenance & welfare of students in scholars avenue along with the cheif-warden, director,
registrar, wardens and assistant wardens.
Member at AASRA 2013-2017
NIT Rourkela, India
¢ Spent my weekends to educate the under-privilaged children around Rourkela. Worked with multiple NGOs
to fulfil their needs.
