Sourabh Hanwat
Dedicated, passionate, and competent Full Stack Python Developer with Al development with 1+ years
of experience in developing Web/Mobile/other applications and Software. Possess hands-on experience
in writing codes in various programming languages. Familiar with Docker, TensorFlow, Keras, and
OpenCvV, and capable of thinking out-of-the-box to create seamless, exciting products For the target
audience. Excellent analytical thinking, teamwork, and Multi-tasking skills.
>< GESolUUr=] 8) ny ar- Tan 7-1 80k Xe] par-}| mecoyan)
1 7489340809
Q Bangalore ) github.com/sourabhhanwat
 
WORK EXPERIENCE
Al Developer
Comportement Software Private Limited
07/2019 - Present
Tasks
e Full stack development with dockerization.
Bangalore
 Working on deep learning /NLP/Computer vision based
project with creating complete user interface.
 Creating aPython/Django/Flask based web application
using Python scripting for data processing, SQL/NOSQL for
the database, and HTML/CSS/JQuery and High Charts for
data visualization of the served pages.
 Collaborating with other software personnel to design and
implement well-engineered, reliable, maintainable, and bug-
Free code For various applications.
 Communicating with other team members to inform about
technical and developmental risks/ obstacles observed
during development process, and recommending possible
solutions to complete the version upgrade within given time
Frame.
Machine Learning Internship
Mialo Technology Private Limited
07/2018 - 03/2019 Bangalore
Company providing intellectual inputs offers Enterprise Application
development and mobility soultions.
Tasks
 Worked on Mialo Intelligent Vehicle Identification System.
e dataset preprocessing and Tensorflow model creation.
 Create application using Django with DB connectivity.
 Worked under the supervision of senior developers to
design, implement, test, deploy as well as support new
artificial intelligence Functionalities For various projects as
required.
EDUCATION
Master in Computer Application (MCA)
CHRIST (Deemed to be University) Bangalore
(Karnataka)
05/2016 - 05/2019 69%
Bachelor of Science (B.S.C-IT)
Makhanlal Chaturvedi Rashtriya Patrakarita
Avam Sanchar  Vishwavidyalaya Bhopal
(Madhya Pradesh)
07/2013 - 07/2016 71%
SKILLS
ACHIEVEMENTS
RESEARCH PAPER: Sourabh Hanwat, Chandra J,
"Convolutional Neural Network for Brain Tumor
Analysis Using MRI Image" ,International Journal of
Engineering and Technology (IJET), Vol 11 No 1 Feb-Mar
(2019)
Won ist prize at the University level Science Exhibition
at Christ University. (2017)
Appreciated by Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj
Singh Chouhan for Representing INDIA in International
Karate Tournament in Colombo (SL). (2011)
National Karate Player (Gold Medallist) and Black Belt in
Karate.
NCC A Certificate.
CERTIFICATES
Python and Django Full Stack Web Developer Bootcamp
(udemy)
Machine Learning A-Z: Hands-On Python & R In Data
Science (udemy)
INTERESTS
Music Travel Learning something new
