SURBHI
WELEKAR
DATA SCIENTIST
™@ surabhi.v.welekar@gmail.com
% 07709120221
9 Bangalore, Karnataka
in www.linkedin.com/in/surbhi-
welekar-21b1101
e Data Scientist at Happiest
Minds Technologies
experienced in Python, SQL,
Machine Learning, Predictive
and Descriptive Analytics and
NLP.
e Hands-on experience in
Python for data analysis using
Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib,
Seaborn and Scikit-learn for
Machine Learning.
¢ Knowledge of statistical
techniques such as Linear
Regression, Logistic
Regression, KNN, K-Means,
Decision Trees, Random
Forest clustering, Gradient
boosting algorithms, etc. to
solve business problems.
e Familiar with the entire life
cycle of a Data science project
from translating Business
requirements to a Data
science problem, identifying
potential Data sources,
building data pipelines, Model
creation and finally presenting
results to Business.
e Excellent conceptual and
analytical skills.
¢ Knowledge of NLP in regards
to normalizing the data and
then doing lemmatization,
stemming, TF/IDF.
* Creating Calculated Fields,
LOD, adding colors, size,
labels and formatting to
visualize data.
e Creating group, hierarchy,
sets, binning of data, creating
Dashboard and adding
interactive action and filter to
the data.
¢ Moderately familiar with cloud
technologies including Azure
Databricks and Knowledge of
PySpark fundamentals.
Skills
Python
MySQL
Tableau
 
Unix
Oracle SQL
Microsoft Excel
PySpark
postgreSQL
Azure Databricks
Education
 
 
S.B.Jain Institute of Technology 2012 to 2016
Bachelor's in Electronics-62.8%
SFS College 2010 to 2012
HSC-68%
B.R.A's Mundle 2009 to 2010
SSC-90%
Employment
Happiest Minds Technologies Pvt Ltd Bangalore
Data Scientist Feb. 2020 to Current
*Created initial POC to demonstrate root cause of problems and complaints by Users against Chat bot deployed by
client. Positive feedback lead to conversion from POC to full project.
* Analysed past Conversation Logs of 12 months to come up with overall Good and Bad categories of conversations
using various derived features such as Conversation Length, Presence of abusive Words, Overall sentiment of
conversation etc.
* Further categorized Bad conversations into 20 different categories using Conversation text and LDA. Suggested
various root cause of problems and recommendations to address them.
* Created and deployed Predictive models to automatically categorize future conversations into earlier defined
categories and monitor various statistics using a Dashboard.
*Implemented Recency-Frequency Model and performed Sentiment Analysis using of benepar parser.
*Walked Clients through different approach that are implemented in order to correct the data discrepancies.
TechMahindra Pune
Software Engineer Mar. 2017 to July 2019
¢ Worked on SQL to fetch data to solve customer issues.
e Automating workarounds of different types of application issues involving SQL and UNIX shell script.
¢ Correcting the data discrepancy by investigating it.
¢ Walked clients through troubleshooting steps to resolve common software issues.
e Openreach Siebel is a CRM interface application to Openreach organization for telecom products using Siebel as
CRM tool and Oracle as database.
e The archived data according to SLA is migrated to Hadoop servers and stored in Hive tables, which is used for
analytic purpose.
¢ The project implements maintenance of Siebel application as well as PL/SQL packages, triggers, dB links and
schedulers to perform day-to-day activities.
Projects
 
Credit Card Default Detection (Freelance) Feb. 2019 to Apr. 2019
* Objective: The model is developed in order to assess the default probability (90+ days past due) of the retail customers
who apply specifically for credit card products.
* ML Algorithms used: EDA using Python, correlation determination, Logistic Regression Modelling, IV and WOE.
Personal Loan Prediction Aug. 2019 to Sept. 2019
* Objective: To identify the potential customers who have higher probability of purchasing the loan. This will increase
the success ratio while at the same time reduce the cost of the campaign.
* ML Algorithms used: EDA using Python, correlation determination, SMOTE, Logistic Regression Modelling.
Awards
 
Happiest Minds- Team Excellence Award for 2 consecutive Quarters from 2020-2021
Happiest Minds- Agile Award Q4 2020
Activities
 
PGP-Data Science And Engineering 2019 to Current
Volunteering
 
United for Nature Foundation
Handled social media account of the NGO for publicity
