Vijaya Lakshmi Alaparthi
 
Contact: 8639934018 E-Mail: vijaya.alaparthi0 1@gmail.com
A multi-faceted professional accustomed with proven Data science skills; targeting challenging opportunities in
Data Scientist / Machine learning with an organization of repute.
Profile Summary
e Creative, innovative, enthusiastic professional with over 2 year of experience in Data analysis, Business
analysis, Machine Learning.
 
e Skills in developing and implementing Data cleansing and Data modeling strategies that increase product
awareness, customer acquisition, market share, penetration, and revenue.
e Leveraged market research, industry analysis, and customer insights to anticipate and counter competitive
actions, build customer loyalty, and position brand for enhanced market share.
e Knowledgeable in performing Machine Learning models SVM, Linear Regression, Clustering, Random Forest,
Ensemble, ANN, CNN and XGBOOST.
e Successfully delivered projects titled as Customer Churn, Fraudulent Transactions, Quantity of materials & HR
Dashboard.
e Aresult-oriented individual with strong analytical, communication, interpersonal and organizational skills.
Core Competencies
Data Science Corporate Communications Marketing Research & Analysis
Machine Learning Client Engagements Python
Deep Learning Tableau SQL
Work Experience
 
Since May’19 Arik infotech , Bengaluru as Jr Data Scientist
Key Result Areas:
 
e Performing exploratory data analysis on large and complex data sets comprising of structured, semi-structured and
unstructured data.
e Working on unstructured problems to deliver insights, end-to- end solutions.
e Improve our clients- understanding of their customers using analysis, statistics and machine learning algorithms.
e Conceptualizing Highly Motivated to use strong quantitative, analytical and communication skills in a position within
the field of Analytics.
e Implementing research and analytics insight to develop new strategies, improve program performance,
make recommendations and influence business decisions.
Projects Undertaken with Arik infotech,Bengaluru
Project Title: Customer Churn
Description: The project aimed at Prediction probability of customer churn who are going to churn, Market
retentionstrategies and best offers recommendation.
Tools/Technologies used: Python, XGBoost.
Project Title: Quantity of materials
Description: The project aimed Implementing Regression Model to predict the quantity of materials for the defined
future timeframe for a vendor and plant - Reliance Industries.
Tools/Technologies used: Python, FBProphet.
Project Title: HR Dashboard
Description: Created a Predictive Dashboard in recruiting and attrition rate
Tools/Technologies used: Tableau, MySQL
 
