Quality Analyst 2017 - 2018
Working closely with Business Analyst and onshore team to understand the requirement, analyze and get clarification.
Attending different meeting as ‘Daily Standup Meeting’, ‘Sprint Planning Meetings’, ‘Grooming Sessions’, ‘Defect Triage Meeting’ and
‘Retrospect Meeting’ etc.
Helping and guiding new members of the team.
Involved in The Enhancement and maintenance of the Automation Testing framework.
Involved in Client Demos of the product and prepared PPT’s for the same
Projects:
CME-Loan!Q Integration:
Fusion Banking Loan lQ and CME, developed by Misys, are used by leading financial institutions worldwide to optimize, automate and
develop their lending business. From highly structured syndicated lending to high volume bilateral lending, Loan Portal can meet all
loan processing system requirements.
e Worked on end to end Loan Origination and servicing, where CME is front end and Loan IQ is back end.
Worked on Rest API testing for Loan IQ.
Worked on CME UI automation using Robot framework.
Automated Loan IQ APIs using J-meter.
Worked on the testing of Asset-based lending functionality as part of CME-Loan IQ integration where loaning money in an
agreement that is secured by inventory, accounts receivable, equipment, or other property owned by the borrower.
 
KAGGLE PROJECTS:
Email Spam Classifier: Accuracy 95%
Dataset: Total number of input mails 5172 containing 1083821 words.
Preprocessing the dataset: Deleting the blank spaces
Exploratory Data Analysis: Selecting most common 3000 words
Model: Naive Bayes
Zomato Price Predictor: Accuracy 85%
A regression problem statement to find Average Cost for two.
Exploratory Data Analysis:
Finding which all countries have most of the restaurants and removing all other countries.
Taking cities which shows the most variation.
Replacing the string with number.
Feature Engineering: Correlation matrix, LabelEncoder, OneHotEncoder
Model: LinearRegression
Fashion MNIST dataset using PCA and KNN: Accuracy 85%
Data of 70000 clothing images with 784 features we are getting an accuracy of 85% using KNN but after using PCA, we
selected only the top 50 features which were showing the most variation, then get an accuracy of 84% and saved a lot of
training time.
Implementation of Adaboost Algorithm with hyperparameter tuning:
Housing dataset, when using Adaboost with decision tree, getting an Accuracy of 61% but after tuning the
hyperparameters (learning rate and n_estimators) using GridSearchCV, the accuracy increased to 87%.
 
LEADERSHIP/AWARDS:
Participated in Ethical Hacking course in Hack-track
Certification in Spanish language by Ramakrishna mission Kolkata
Team Award @ Finastra for an exceptional contribution to the successful before time product delivery with zero backlogs (2019)
Spot Award @ Finastra Sigma for delivering high quality deliverables (2018)
Organize and Participated in Flash Mobs @Finastra
Participated in Robotic events organized by IIT Guwahati, Techno India Kolkata, Meghnad Saha Institute of Technology Kolkata.
