\% +918707668942 Vv h IN |
in http://www.linkedin.com/in/yash- as ST aWad
agrawal-9ab841 104/
data scientist
© https://github.com/yashdbz10
M% yash20december@gmail.com
 
SUMMARY
A passionate Data Scientist using predictive modeling, data processing, hands-on experience leveraging machine learning
techniques, data analysis, data visualization, and NLP, to solve challenging business problems.
Possess good interpersonal skills that have been put to good use in co-coordinating with Project teams with effective
communication skills.
KEY SKILLS
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Junior data scientist Jan'21 - May '21
iNeuron.ai
The fastest Al education company which provides affordable data science education and Al solution for real world use cases.
e Experience in building applications with Python, Machine learning algorithms, NLP, and Deep Learning.
¢ Worked on deployment and optimization of various machine learning solutions from scratch on web-based applications
like Heroku, AWS, and Google Cloud platform on Flask.
e Worked on building chatbots using Google Dialog Flow and RASA and is integrated on open source.
data scientist intern Aug '20 - Dec '20
Trivium Eduservices Pvt.Ltd
Data science
e Requirement Gathering & Translation
Learn to gather data from various sources and translate it into use cases to solve real-world problems.
e Data Cleansing & Transformation
Leveraged quantitative skills extensively to clean, transform & interpret raw data for providing data-driven
recommendations.
freelancer Apr '20 - Jun '20
Vaidik Eduservices Pvt.Ltd
Subject matter expert
e Provide subject matter expertise to acquisition consulting students, ensuring excellence in technical performance.
Graduate Engineer Trainee Feb '18 - Dec '19
K. K. SPUN INDIA LTD.
Rewa sewerage project
e Consultant: EGIS/ PDMC
¢ Client: Nagar Nigam, Rewa(M.P)
e Maintenance of plant and machinery required to pump and machinery for installation at sewage treatment plants.
Dealing with unplanned issues or repairs, including emergencies and diagnosing issues with equipment.
