About Product : Our proprietary and powerful biometric-based user identification
system is built on artificial intelligence technologies such as image recognition, deep neural
networks, and robotic process automation. This allows each Faceopen system to evolve with
every regular user interaction, enabling adaptability in different environments and conditions.
Roles and Responsibilities |: Responsible for collecting data (images) from different sources
through the internet and outside world.
Collected data using logitech camera (2d) using tensorflow and realsense D435 camera using
pytorch framework. Optimizing algorithms for hardware acceleration cores.
Worked on data preprocessing, face detection(DMTCNN), feature extraction(FaceNet) and face
classification(KNN,SVM). Working with heterogeneous or parallel computing systems.
Built model for anti-spoofing classifier using various architectures.
Built model for detecting blur faces (blur-classifier). Used docker for containerizing the
application (DockerFile). Here deployment of the models is done in edge, which 1s android in the
form of TensorflowLite (tflite).
Converted spoofing pytorch model to ONNX format for deployment.
Project2):
Product name : Al Educator
Company : Metagogy Learning Systems Pvt Ltd
Details : Solving student’s knowledge gaps using graph neural networks
(Problem solving gap analysis).
Tools and Technique used: Python, Deep Graph Neural Networks, networkx.
Use case : Analyzing student’s problem solving skills in assignments which
he/she solves. Based on student performance in understanding concepts and solving coding problems
the model will suggest where the student is outperforming.
Roles and Responsibilities = : Worked on deep graph neural networks such as converting a
python script into an abstract syntax tree format.
Worked on analyzing graph data such as finding patterns in the coding assignments.
Built a python function which takes a coding question as input and gives the output such as the
user's knowledge score, his/her problem solving score and many more use cases.
This application also recommends a user what he/she needs to study to solve the particular coding
assignment.
Based on these scores we are able to find the root cause of why a user is unable to solve a coding
problem and fill their knowledge gaps.
This application is deployed using the django framework at the backend of our web application.
About Product : AI Educator is an online learning platform which is enabled by
AI technology. The system and method to find the knowledge gap and problem solving gap using
the response data from the user. Using this system we can be able to find out why a student 1s not
able to solve a coding question. By using the current system and method we find the reason why
an user is unable to solve a coding question and reinforce his knowledge and problem solving
skills immediately so that he is able to solve the problem with utmost confidence.
Project3):
