Bhilai, CG Prateek Gu pta
(+91)-98219-37027
pg2694@gmail.com Data Scientist linkedin
EXPERIENCE
Trainee Apprentice Leader, Mu-Sigma Aug2020 - present
Bengaluru
Worked on clinical trial site selection for a US Pharmaceutical company:
« Data wrangling, EDA for multiple indications’ using multiple supervised learning techniques..
« Scaling, optimisation and hyper-parameter tuning increasing prediction accuracy by 15 X
Worked on Retail Sales Forecasting for a large US multinational consumer products goods company:
¢ End to end project which involved creation of data pipeline followed by feature engineering.
« Forecasting analysis at the aggregate ,category and select SKU levels, increased revenue by 10X.
« Creation of Tableau dashboards for capturing sales trends and forecast error metrics, increasing data- driven decision making by 2X
Identified drivers of energy consumption demand for a large US Energy distribution firm:
« Evaluated the statistical relationship of factors to help stakeholders understand the key drivers for energy consumption reducing
losses by 10%
« Built a predictive model by leveraging key drivers for energy consumption to forecast demand with bench-marked forecast errors at
8% quarterly translating to $ 40 million p.a additional revenue.
« Showcased effect of key drivers and forecasts with a PowerBI dashboard helping in CXO decision making.
Director & Founder, Ixdia Dynamics Pvt. Ltd. Apr2018 — Jul2020
Founded a mineral Exploration firm specialising in Dolomite and iron ore mining:
« Managed multiple projects each worth 2 4-5Cr from conception through to successful initiation,management and completion
¢ Handled procurement of machinery and explosives worth 2 2Cr along with recruiting crews and orienting them on company policies
and quality control standards.
« Determined yearly price increases and profit margins for products by using competitive pricing structures and predictive analytics
which resulted in a revenue increase of 3%.
Site Engineer, M/s Rajesh Builders & Contractors Jun 2016 - Sept 2017
General and Technical Site supervision of Civil projects.
« Performed engineering work with the Design team on site layout.
¢ Worked on construction drawings through AutoCad and Revit, specifications calculations for structural designs.
EDUCATION
Post Graduate Program,Leadership through Analytic and Decision Sciences , T.A.Pai Management Institute 2020 - 2021
Bachelor of Technology, Civil Engineering, Manipal Institute of Technology 2012 - 2016
TECHNICAL SKILLS
 
Python: Completed 185+ hrs of training which includes 23 courses and 6 projects in DataCamp along with specialisations from
Coursera comprising 6 courses and 24 skill assessments.
SQL: Completed 190+ hrs of training which includes 25 courses in DataCamp along with specialisation from Coursera comprising 5
courses and 13 skill assessments
Tableau: Completed 100+ hrs of training which includes 5 courses in DataCamp along with specialisations from Coursera comprising
5 courses and 16 skill assessments.
Project Management: Completed 140 hrs of training which includes 6 courses and 36 skill assessments for professional certificate
from Google via Coursera.
R Power-Bl SpotFire Excel
