Praveen Reddy Nelli
Data Scientist at CGI
Email: reddypraveen722@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-8919098852
LinkedIn URL: https://www.linkedin.com/in/Praveenreddi722/
Professional Summary:
> Data Scientist with 4.6 years of industry experience in Statistical Modelling, Predictive Modelling
algorithms to solve challenging business problems.
> Experience in mapping business requirements to Data Science solutions and having experience implementing
POC’s.
> Expertise in Machine learning, Deep learning , Computer vision models and having experience deploying
scalable and serviceable Al models using RESTful services and Docker.
Work Experience:
Project1:
Domain Travel
Client , LUFTHANSA
Task , Predictive Failure Analysis and Anomaly detection on Time series
Algorithms , Vector Auto Regression (VAR), Facebook Prophet, Isolation Forest
Responsibilities:
> Gathered Multivariate Time Series data collected from ElasticSearch database.
> Queried the database using elasticsearch-dsl and cleaned it using Python for modeling.
> Performed EDA: Data integration, outlier analysis, missing value treatment, correlation analysis.
> Conducted statistical checks: Causality test, Cointegration test, Stationarity check.
> Applied Multivariate-forecasting algorithm on historic data to predict the future outcomes of the system
metrics and evaluated the forecasts using RMSE (Root Mean Squared Error), Mean Absolute Percentage Error
(MAPE) etc.
> Applied unsupervised machine learning model on system metrics to identify the anomalies present in
the data.
> Deployed the models using Flask and the results obtained are sent to the customized monitoring tool
(UI) via Rest API.
Project2:
Domain Retail
Client SODEXO
Task Document Verification for KYC with OCR and Computer Vision
Algorithms , Faster R-CNN, Tesseract-OCR, Google Vision-OCR, Verhoeff
Responsibilities:
VVV VVWV
Pre-processed the input images: Image resizing, Image denoising (Gaussian Noise filter) etc.
Annotated a set of images with different classes using Labellmg tool for feature extraction.
Trained an Object Detection model (Faster RCNN) chosen from TensorFlow Object Detection API on custom
data set using pre-trained weights.
Exported the Inference Graph and performed Object detection to identify the ROI (Region of interest).
Performed OCR on the Region of interest and extracted the text.
Validated the extracted text with regex and verhoeff algorithm, the result is then sent via Rest API in Json
format.
Project3:
Domain Travel
Client LUFTHANSA
Task , Sentiment Analysis on Twitter Streaming data
Technology Python, TwitterAPI, TextBlob, Flask, Streamlit, Heroku
