Professional Projects
Telehealth Services
e Designed and developed a real time dashboard for monitoring patients’ medical data like Ejection Fraction, ECG
images, Potassium level, Heart Rate.
e (Cleaned and Preprocessed 1 million FHIR medical data records.
e Technologies used : Python, SQL, Oracle DVD and Oracle BI
Smart City Solution
e Designed and Developed Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models for pothole detection on the roads and helmet
detection in construction sites.
e Technologies used : Python ,YOLO framework, TensorFlow, Keras.
Analysis of Service Performance
e Developed dashboards for the analysis of Service Performance.
e Dashboards include reports and visualizations showing Service Metrics, Maintenance Metrics, Customer
Performance.
e Technologies used: Oracle Analytics Cloud (OAC),Enterprise Performance Management (EPM)
Semiconductor Manufacturing -Data Analysis
e Created a set of analytics dashboards which can be utilized by the semiconductor product/process personnel
and by the managers who are responsible for manufacturing.
e Developed a clustering model to analyze the root cause of defects in semiconductor chips.
e Technologies used: Python, Oracle SQL, Scikit-learn, Pandas, NumPy,Matplotlib and Oracle Machine
Learning (OML)
Personal Projects
Project- “Heart Risk Assessment”
¢ Designed and developed a machine learning model using Logistic Regression and Random Forest algorithms that
can predict risk of developing coronary heart disease (CHD) and was able to achieve a Precision of 0.90 and
Accuracy of 0.87. Github
Project- “Recommendation Systems”
¢ Implemented various type of Recommendation Systems such as Content Based, Correlation Based, Popularity Based
and Classification Based for suggesting movies based movies data and users demographic data. Github
Project- “Article and Review Tagging”
¢ Implemented the KNN (K-Nearest Neighbor) algorithm from scratch and trained the KNN classifier on review and
article text data to predict the categories of Reviews and Articles.
e Achieved Accuracy score of 0.90. Github
Project- “House Price Prediction”
¢ Trained a Random Forest Regression model to predict the house prices based on different parameters such location,
area of the house. Github
