Employment Details:
Cognizant (Associate-Data Science) [Feb 2019 ~ Present]
1.
3.
Credibility Analysis of a new product (policy) launch- The problem was to estimate if a customer would opt for an
enhancement in the policy which Manulife is about to launch in this feature or not. The basic idea was to automate the
calling and product description process to each customer associated with them. Insights given in Tableau.
Skills/Libraries: Python, Machine Learning Models - Random Forest, CART, Logistic Regression, Matplotlib, Seaborn.
Clustering of Product Parameters- The problem was to identify the behavior of the buyers and predict their nature on the
basis of the products they have previously bought from Nestle in order to create a strategy for the customers to make them
buy different and similar products. Insights given in Tableau.
Skills/Libraries: Python, Machine Learning Models - Clustering-K means, Hierarchal Clustering, Matplotlib, Seaborn.
Deployment flow: Data Ingestion > Data Manipulation > Exploratory Data Analysis > Statistical Model Building > Model
Evaluation > Deployment.
Sentiment Analysis- The assignment was to evaluate customer's response towards products of a Hoffmen genre which was
achieved through judging the sentiment of comments and feedbacks of the product users in order to help the client to get a
better idea in launching a product similar to Hoffmen. Insights given in Tableau.
Skills/Libraries: Python, Machine Learning Models - NLP, TextBlob, TF-IDF, Scikitlearn, Matplotlib, NLTK.
Deployment flow: Data Ingestion > Data Manipulation > Exploratory Data Analysis > Statistical Model Building > Model
Evaluation > Deployment.
Cognizant (Programmer Analyst) [Mar 2018 ~ Feb 2019]
1. Writing Dot Net codes for a merger project of ACE and CHUBB insurance.
2. Working on maintenance as a FE developer for applications for CHUBB.
Skills Used: ASP.Net, SQL.
Projects & Competitions Portfolio:
Machine Learning & Statistics
>
VV VV WV
HR Attrition Detection using Random Forest, Decision Tree and Logistic Regression.
Cancer detection using different classification models by checking the properties malignant and benign in cells.
Credit Risk Analysis using Decision Tree.
House Price Prediction using Linear Regression.
Predict Diabetes of a user from medical report using Logistic regression.
Principal Component Analysis based on Cancer Diagnosis data.
Education:
B.Tech (CSE), B.P.Poddar Institute of Management & Technology, Kolkata(2013 ~ 2017)
Certifications:
ASP.Net, Dot Net framework, Python, SQL
Declaration:
| hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and | bear the responsibility for the
correctness of the above mentioned particulars.
