 
P V UMESH CHANDRA
Analyst - Software Development
A distinguished and accomplished IT Professional of Information
Technology and Software Engineering with consistent track record of
Professional Excellence in IT Automation and Data Science with interest in
analyzing raw data and statistics, brings excellent communication abilities
with building machine learning models.
Profile Summary
 
A competent professional with 2+ years of professional experience in IT Automation, Data
Science and Build release Management Engineer that includes environment setup, build
automation, continues Integration, scripting and deployments.
Expertise in writing Python, Shell and Yaml scripts to automate the tasks/deployments.
Strong knowledge on source controller concepts like Branches, Merges and Tags using GIT.
Developed ansible playbooks for installing, configuring services on servers and for other
operations.
Exposure of working with end users &application teams to install, improve or deploy updates to
their
Applications installed.
Expertise in developing the bots like CPU, Memory, Patching Activity and automated the entire
process using Ansible, Python and AWX(Tower).
Experience in creating custom Docker Images using Docker file and Docker environments to
deploy.
Implemented Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) in Python with Pandas, Matplotlib and NumPy,
such as sampling, feature engineering, correlation, etc.
Having Good knowledge on the databases like Sql (MySQL, MSSQL), NoSql (MongoDB).
Performed various operation like inserting the data and fetching data from the databases like
MySQL, MSSQI and Mongo DB using Python.
Expertise in python script for visualization of data, which is retrieved from the databases.
Developed python script for Microbots Platform integrated with the Service Now by using APIS.
Developed python script automatically reassign incidents stuck in the Queue.
Developed PowerShell scripts for Service Manager Ticketing tool for integrating with Microbots
Platform.
Created APIS using python flask wrapper for integrating with the Service Manager Incident
Management.
Exposure of working with end users &application teams to install, improve or deploy updates to
their applications installed.
Having good knowledge on the AWS (Amazon Web Services).
Performed data analytics using Kinesis Data Streams and SQS (Simple Queue Services).
Possess good interpersonal, documentation and oral communication skills, positive work attitude.
Persuasive communicator with exceptional relationship management skills with the ability to
relate to People at any level of business and management.
Outstanding ability to provide application support from development to production.
Dedicated and highly ambitious to achieve personal goals as well as organizational goals.
Adroit at learning new concepts quickly and working well under pressure.
Ability to think both strategically and tactically in a high-energy, fast-paced environment,
understand business context and integrate cognitive and advanced analytics levers for solutions,
Ability to work in a global collaborative team environment.
