e Expertise in full life cycle of Python Application Developments, Including Analysis, Requirements Gathering,
Design, Development, Implementation, Maintenance and Enhancements.
e Coordinate with all business analysts and application architects to maintain knowledge on all functional
requirements and ensure compliance to all architecture standards.
e Transformed raw data into MySQL with custom-made ETL application to prepare unruly data for machine
learning.
e Worked closely with System analysts, engineers, programmers, business stakeholders to design system and to
obtain information on project limitations and capabilities performance requirements and interfaces.
e Experience in implementing complete Software Development Life Cycle - SDLC for various applications including
Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation and Testing.
e Comprehensive knowledge and experience in etl/Datawarehousing methodologies such as_ _normalization/de-
normalization, data extraction, data cleansing and data manipulation.
e Hands on experience in developing client/server, multi-tier and web-based applications.
e Experience in implementing data analysis with various analytic tools, such as Anaconda Jupiter Notebook
e Good working experience with Core Python, Dajngo, Web Services with DRF(Django rest framework), MVC, JSON,
Pytest, logging, SQL Alchemy(ORM), HTML, Design Patterns
e Experienced with machine learning algorithm such as logistic regression, linear regression, k-means ,KNN,Naive
Bayes
e Strong knowledge Data science /Machine learning libraries : Numpy ,Pandas
e Used GITHUB to deployment of code
e Good working experience in:
> application development using IDE's like Pycharm
> deployment and release of the application with test cases using Pytest and application logging using the
Logging.
OOP's Object Oriented Programming like Python
open source frameworks like Django and Flask
JSON based REST Web services and Amazon Web Services(AWS).
Sub Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Cursors, and Functions on Oracle database.
> Agile Scrum and Waterfall Methodologies,
VV V WV
e = Ability to quickly adapt to new environments and learn new technologies.
e Good team player with excellent work history as regards with work ethics, dependability and willingness to go an
extra mile.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Overall 2 years of experience in Analysis, Design, and Testing of 3-tier and n-tier component based applications
using Core Python, , Django Rest Framework, Django, Flask, JSON, HTML.
> Machine Learning:- Logistics Regression, Linear Regression, K-means
> Analytic/Predictive modeling Tools:- Jupiter ,Anaconda
> Visualization Tools :- Tableau, Python — Matplotlib
> Etl :- Pyetl
> Programming Language :- Python, SQL, C++,Java
> Tools :- SQL Developer
> Web Designing :- HTML, CSS, Javascript
> Webserver :- WSGI, Apache.
> Database Skills :- MySQL, Oracle.
> Versioning Tools :- GIT
> Build Tools :- Pybuilder
> RDBMS :- Oracle 10 g
>  Unstructure database :- Mongo DB
> Continuous Integration Tool :- Jenkings
> Data Modeling Tools :- Oracle Designer,
> Framework Software :- Django, Flask
> Defect Reporting Tool :- HPALM
