Improved Operation activities. Used Linear & Logistic Regression,Perform data cleansing, data imputation and
data preparation using Scikit Learn and Numpy.
Conduct software analysis, programming, Unit and White box testing and debugging.
Support continuous improvement, Investigating alternatives and technologies, presenting for architectural
review.
Managing Python application development, Develop, test, implement and maintain application software.
Validated already developed python reports. Fixed the identified bugs and re-deployed the same.
Recommend changes to improve established python application processes, Develop technical designs for
application development.
Develop application code for python programs, Involved in client interaction to sort out the Requirement
issue.
Create the Reporting and share with top management.
Project sequence-3
Project Name : E2E BSS
System/Component: Telecom BSS, Siebel CRM
Technology :Python , Django , Oracle ,GIT ,SVN ,Rest — Webservice ,Pandas ,ETL,Statistical Analysis
Roles : Python Data analyst
Roles and Responsibilities:
Understand and analyze customer requirements and business logic .
Built multifunction readmission reports using python pandas and Django frame work.
Involved in preparing low level design of application, to take part in software and architectural development
activities.
Involved in designing and preparation of call flows with usability services.
Perform data exploratory analysis using Matplotlib.
Collected historical data and third party data from different data source.
Improved operational activities. Used Linear & Logistic Regression.
Perform data cleansing, data imputation and data preparation using ScikitLearn and Numpy.
Conduct software analysis, programming and White box testing and debugging.
Identifying production and non-production application issues.
Ensuring designs comply with specifications, transforming requirements into stipulations.
Support continuous improvement, investigating alternatives and technologies, presenting for architectural
review.
Managing Python application development ,develop, test, implement and maintain application software.
Validated already developed python reports. Fixed the identified bugs and re-deployed the same.
Recommend changes to improve established python application processes.
Developed technical designs for application development.
Developed application code for python programs,I|Involved in client interaction to sort out the Requirement
issue.
Creating the report and sharing with top management.
Location: PUNE
Date: 11-06-2021
