e@ Involved in performing the unit testing.
2. eDesk(Ticking System) (December 2018 to June 2019)
Tools and Technologies: Flask, Python2, MySQL, HTML, CSS.
Description: eDesk is a ticketing system for the Elait internal use and it helps to keep track of
support activities, HR and Admin related activities.
Roles and Responsibilities:
e Design and Develop backend code.
@ Designed a Data model for the application.
e Involved in performing the unit testing.
3. Elait Internal Applications (June 2019 to December 2019)
Tools and Technologies: Flask, Python3, MySQL, AngularJS.
Description: Elait Internal Applications includes Employee central (Store employee details and
skills), Resource allocation (Manage resources for the projects), Employee effort tracking (it helps to
capture employee effort on projects) and Minutes of meeting and appraisal system.
Roles and Responsibilities:
e Leading the team of 7 resources.
Gather the requirements and explain to the team.
Assign the task to the team and explain the work if they are not clear.
Review the work done by the team.
Worked on API integration.
Deploy the application to the server.
4. FCTP Netreveal (January 2020 to March 2020)
Client: Santander bank
Tools and Technologies: Python 3.6, ANTLR 4.7.2.
Description: Read all data sources and target databases using Ab Initio MDH tool, find the field level
lineage from the different data transformations and Parse the custom transformations written in Scala
and find the data lineage from the internal dataframe.
Roles and Responsibilities:
@ Generated parser for Scala code written using Sparktacus framework.
e Written python script to traverse the parse tree and decode the scala code to find the
lineage.
e Involved in performing the unit testing and Integration testing.
5. Profile Analytica (April 2020 to Till now)
Tools and Technologies: Python 3.8, NLP, MongoDB, HTML, CSS.
Description: Application to find the matching resumes to the selected Job description using NLP and
Keras data model and rank the resumes according to the closest match.
Roles and Responsibilities:
e Attend the client call and collect the requirements from the client.
Create a data model using Keras library and train/retrain the data model.
Worked on extracting the key features from the document using NLP.
Google drive integration to extract the documents from the drive.
Configure the Nginx and deploy the code to the server.
Involved in performing the unit testing.
6. Mahaveerekart (December 2021 to Till now)
Client: Mahaveer Distributors
