RAGHUVEERANAGOUDA POLICEPATIL
Email: policepatilraghu77@gmail.com
Mobile: +91 7892738796
Profile Summary:
e A Software Developer with 3 years of experience in Python API Development,
Microservices, Machine Learning and Web development.
Currently working with Elait IT Technology services as Associate-Technology.
Hands-on experience in Flask Restful API, NodeJS, Microservices and NLP.
Good knowledge in AngularJS and PWA.
Hands-on experience in MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL.
Have knowledge on Nginx and Application deployment.
Have knowledge on ETL, Data Warehousing and Ab Initio.
Team player, Quick learning and Good understanding capabilities.
Software Acquaintances:
Programming Languages: C++, Shell Script and Python.
Web Technologies : HTML, CSS, JavaScript and TypeScript.
Database Systems : MySQL, PostgresSQL, MongoDB and SQLite
Frameworks : Flask, Angular 8/11, ExpressJS and QT
Development Tools : Virtual Studio Code, Sublime and Notepad++
Machine Learning >: NLP
Version Control Tools : GitLab and Bitbucket
Organizational Experience:
e Elait IT Technology Services Pvt Ltd, Bengaluru as Associate-Technology (June 2018
to Till date)
e ADE, DRDO, Bengaluru as Project Trainee (January 2017 to July 2017)
Softweb Technology Solutions, Bengaluru as PHP Developer (July 2016 to December
2016)
Academic Details:
@ M.Tech (Master of Technology) from SJB Institute of Technology, Kengeri, Bengaluru in 2017.
e B.E (Bachelor of Engineering) from KLS Gogte Institute of Technology, Belagavi. In 2015.
Projects Details:
1. Mission planning software. (January 2017 to July 2017)
Tools and Technologies: C++, HP-GL, QT 5.5 Creator.
Description: The objective of the work was to design and development of “Mission planning
software for UAV’s”. This software is used for planning the way point navigation of UAV mission.
The planned path file is used by UAV’s to fly in auto navigation mode. User can interact with the
software to plan the path related activities. Software has been provided with various user interfaces to
create, delete, edit, import and export of the path plan. This is a cross platform software developed
using C++ and the Qt tool kit.
Roles and Responsibilities:
e@ Understand the requirements and work on the task assigned.
