Aakansha Tyagi
Project Engineer | Cyber Security Division | C-DAC Mohali
ABOUT
Project Engineer with 1+ years of experience in ML Models and Data
Analysis Threat Hunting Response System of C-DAC Mohali. Possess PG
Diploma in Big Data Analytics from C-DAC Bangalore. Seeking to
leverage my Mathematical knowledge, Analytics abilities, and ML
models development competency in the role of Data Analytics.
EXPERIENCE
Project Engineer, C-DAC Mohali
2020 to Present
e Build an ML model for automatically identifying novel classes
of malware with similar behavior, assigning unknown
malware to these discovered classes. Techniques used
o Classification of malware images using VGG16
o Classification of sandbox’s behavioral report
o Similarity analysis on assembly instructions
e Developed parser modules:
o Convert honey pot log files into a relational database
and ingest them into elastic search clusters.
o Development of enrichment and correlation engines
which ingest data into elastic search in the standard
STIX 2.0 data model.
e Implementation of malware repository.
e Trained professional participant from Indian Computer
Emergency Response Team (CERT-IN).
PROJECT
Video Captioning - Prof. Swapnil Srivastva
e The purpose of this project is to automatically describe the
content of an image is a fundamental problem in artificial
intelligence that connects computer vision and natural language
processing.
e Video captioning refers to the process of extracting features
from video frames using CNN and generating video captions
using LSTM.
\ +91 7906-2090-08
charutyagi.2921@gmail.com
in linkedin.com/in/aakansha-
tyagi-8b0b0014a/
EDUCATION
CDAC - PGD Big Data Analytics
Bangalore, Karnataka
2019 - 2020
Rajasthan Technical University
Jaipur, Rajasthan B.Tech CSE
2015-2019 (Honors)
SKILLS
e Programming Languages:
Python, R, Java
e Machine Learning: SVM,
Random Forest, KNN, EDA,
Batch Learning, Ensemble
Learning, Novelty Detection
e Deep Learning: Image
classification, Transfer Learning
e Natural Language Processing:
Text classification, BOW,
Word2Vec
e Tools: Python, NLTK, Scikit-
Learn, RestAPI, tensor flow,
SQL(DBMS), Elastic search with
log stash, Kibana
e Platforms: Windows, Linux,
Centos
CERTIFICATIONS
e Python for ML
(Great Learning )
e Machine Learning
( Cognitive class by IBM )
