ABHISHEK TOSHNIWAL
abhishektoshniwal01@gmail.com
8502059633
in https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhishek-toshniwal-b86348139
Objective
To pursue a challenging career and be part of a progressive organization that allows me to utilize my skill sets towards the
growth of the organisation.
Experience
e Reliance Industries limited July 2019 - Till Date
Data analyst
Job and Responsibilities:
o Analysing Data Trends ( Process Parameters ) to find out solutions .
o Extracting data from server in excel form then merge and filter using SQL queries for analysing on various features.
o Used Random forest regression and other advance models for prediction of process parameters eg. - Glycol circulation flow rate with
respect to various process features.
o Working on project to recognise data trends patterns and give predictive solutions to client using advance algorithms.
o Visualization of production data ( well wise) on periodic basis analyzing data trends on different measures and dimensions to
mitigate target hinderance.
Education
e Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology, Bhopal 2015-19
Chemical engineering
7.58/10
e Krishna Vidhya Mandir , Sikar , Rajasthan 2014
12th / Board of Secondary Education Rajasthan
83.80/100
e Adarsh Vidhya Mandir , Sikar , Rajasthan 2012
10th/ Board of Secondary Education Rajasthan
80.17/100
Skills
e DBMS, SQL (structure query language) ,Python ( basic) , Machine learning, Tableau
e Conceptual Thinking and Problem Solving , Management Skills , Root Cause Analysis, Data visualisation
e Ms Excel ,Ms Access , Ms PowerPoint , Ms word , Pivot
Kaggle
e Learned and performed spam detection algorithm using Logistic regression and tfidVectorizer.
e Learned and performed housing price prediction using random forest regression over 81 variables dataset
e Performed Titanic survival rate prediction project using Random forest regression , cross validation and performance
improvement done by optimizing of hyperparameter values , model precision computed.
Courses
e Analysing Big Data Query (Cloudera) at Coursera
Got in depth knowledge of various SQL search engine (hive , apache) , fundamental of clause , aggregate functions , Joins ,
Unions , Limits and theri uses by various assignments & quizzes at Coursera
e Data Visualisation with Tableau Specialization
Completed a foundation course of Data Visualisation with Tableau from Coursera.
e Crash course on Python by Google
Completed a foundation course of python as a part of reliance E&P data science capability development program in partnership
with Coursera.
e Applied Machine learning algorithms(linkedin)
Got in depth knowledge of data cleaning , measure variables , different types of modelling , advance deep machine learning
techniques.
Achievements & Awards
 
