Abhinav Anand
\% +918123910869 & anand.abhinav46é@gmail.com in www.linkedin.com/in/abhinav-anand-2101 @ Bangalore
a SUMMARY
5+ years of IT experience in handling and analyzing data across multiple domains. Having a good track record of building successful
predictive models on gathered data by implementing Machine Learning and Neural Network techniques and algorithms. Highly adept
at classification, regression and clustering ML techniques and leverage algorithms to provide better automated solution of repetitive
business problems. Well versed in creating and tuning Artificial Neural Network , Computer vision and Text Analytics . Efficiently
implemented Deep Learning techniques in multiple use cases related to Gesture recognition, Image recognition etc.
a KEY SKILLS
 
a KEY PROJECTS
Project EWSA (Early warning system on Artis)
Domain : ITES | Tech Stack: Python ,Pandas
© Objective : Early warning to database engineer about probable Transaction failure
© Solution : Designed a machine learning model using logistic regression algorithm to predict status of transactions.
o Key Achievement: Model able to predict with 97% accuracy and with a balanced precision and recall
Project : Technician Dispatch Automation
Domain : TELECOM | Python, pandas, NLTK
© Objective : Recommending best suited technician on faulty site
© Solution : Used the combination of machine learning and Natural language processing to achieve goal
o Key Achievement: This intelligent randomization process speed-up trouble shooting process , reduces TAT(turn around time)
which lead to significant increase in customer satisfaction rate.
Project Name: Doc Auto Vision
Domain : Human Resource (HR) | Tech Stack : Python, Tensor Flow
© Objective :To provide first line of support while filling document data .
© Solution : Used computer vision concept with the help of deep neural network to extract information from the given document.
o Key Achievement: Expedite and hassle free solution for document filling , this Al powered approach help to eliminate human
error and repetitive Task.
a WORK EXPERIENCE
Software Engineer Aug '18 - Present
Lumen Technologies Bangalore
Lumen is formerly known as CenturyLink , it is a 90 years old telecom company and 3rd largest in USA.
Analytics & Machine Learning Methodologies
Conducted extensive research on resource optimization in database and IT infrastructure sector
Applied various ML Algorithms to maximize profits by optimizing resource utilization and allocation.
Gathering resource allocation data from more than 300 instances for performing exploratory data analysis.
Assembling best suited algorithms regularization and boosting techniques for any problem sets.
Created models for image processing using deep neural network and computer vision to reduce the human effort in document
reading.
