Working closely with business and data engineering teams to experimental design, data
capture and data analysis.
Participating in Data Pre-processing Techniques in order to make data useful for creating
Machine Learning Models and NLP model.
Building baseline models for the requirements with necessary data preparation.
Building Flask API and deployment.
PROJECT #2
Organization: ITC InfoTech India Limited.
Project name: Sutter Health Cherwell ITSM Portal (Sutter Health, USA).
Environment: python3, Machine learning, Deep Learning, OpenCV, CNN
Client: Sutter Health USA.
Time: Mar 2019 to Feb 2020.
Project Description: - ITSM portal is Sutter health care internal portal which is used to request
different type of service and asset. It contains analytics module, which is use the row data to solve the
problem related to ticket automation. Lab report automation. Different type of machine learning
technique is use to achieve the ticket automation. And deep learning is use to classify the lab report for
batter customer satisfaction.
Role/ Responsibility:
Working closely with business and engineering teams for experimental design, data capture
and data analysis.
Working in collaboration with project managers and Business analyst to understand the
challenges and provide a solution with ML and AI techniques.
Participating in Data Pre-processing Techniques in order to make data useful for creating
Machine Learning Models
Use Computer vision transfer learning to solve the image classification problem.
PROJECT #3
Organization: ITC InfoTech India Limited.
Project name: Amadeus Dashboard development.
Environment: Flask web api, python3, Elasticsearch, AWS connect, Machine Learning, Kibana
Client: Amadeus
Time: Sep 2018 to Feb 2019.
Project Description: - Amadeus Dashboard plays a critical role in supporting and satisfying business
reporting requirements. Project include full automated solution for row AWS connect data and build a
robust dashboard in kibana and elastic search. Build custom machine learning model for wrap up code
clustering and classification.
Role/ Responsibility:
Develop Flask Web Api for data layer.
Participating in Data Pre-processing Techniques in order to make data useful for creating
Machine Learning Models and dashboard.
* Build schedulers to push and take data from elastic search with the help of python.
Building baseline models for the requirements with necessary data preparation.
Education Qualifications
* Passed B. Tech (Information Technology) From Dr. B.C Roy Engineering college
Durgapur, affiliated to MAKAUT University, West Bengal and obtained 8.0 DGPI marks in
the year 2018
* Passed Intermediate (10+2) from Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya
Biraulli samastipur Bihar and scoring 73% marks in the year 2013.
* Passed Matriculation from Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya
Biraulli samastipur Bihar. Recognized from CBSE and scoring 91.2% marks in the year 2011.
