AN) aliat-1ey- et-1aale(ate
Data Scientist looking For a Senior role to deal with Big Data and Deep Learning algorithms, and having professional experience with
creating chatbots using python, NLP, machine learning and RASA chatbot framework.
MM abhinaba.banerjee@ieseg.fr [] +919433234225 Q Kolkata, India Ta an Un) <-XelfamecoyanVAtayé-]=)a}fat-]0y-b oy-1a\-ip[(-X-m P46)
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS
SETS CS CS ES CS pata leaning
Data Analytics I eYolayiavom et-] al iate NLP(Natural Langugage Processing)
WORK EXPERIENCE
Data Scientist
Operanka Associates
06/2018 - 04/2021 Paris, France
Fintech startup trying to create a chatbot based product
Achievements/Tasks
® Created a restaurant chat bot based on the RASA NLU and RASA Core architecture as part of a training in Python Visual Studio Code
environment in Ubuntu.
© Designed a web scraping tool to retrieve data For various Financial based regulations.
© Made an automatic tool for creating data-sets for Financial regulation chat-bot using questions framed by a linguistic expert.
© Improve the quality of the data by adding co-occurrences. Automate the formatting of data by converting From an Excel file to a json File
Format useful for the bot.
® Created questions using stems of various type e.g. where, why, how, what, etc. and used named entity recognition tool to Format the
questions.
® Tools and packages used: Python3 , Rasa nlu and Rasa core, Pandas, numpy, beautifulsoup4, scrapy.
Data Science Intern
Wegravit
07/2017 - 12/2017 Lille, France
Achievements/Tasks
© Made a filtering based algorithm using SQL and R to suggest the right users according to the specific keywords For the users to find the
right connections For them to socialize.
© Worked on designing a static navigation tool which assembled the navigation data of bus, metro, tram, train, cycle using R considering
traffic scenarios and weather at hand.
® Tools and packages used: R, SQL, ggplot2, dplyr, tidyr.
EDUCATION
MSc in Big Data Analytics for Business
IESEG School of Management
08/2016 - 05/2017 Lille, France
Courses
© Descriptive and Predictive Analytics © Text Mining
© Recommender Systems ® Data Visualization
Page 1 of 2
