e Used Celonis to identify tasks which take most time, using Celonis flow tool this offers objective, fact-based
insights, derived from actual data, that help you audit, analyse and improve your existing business.
e Have used Python components (Fast API, Flask, OCR, Pandas, Numpy, Ski-tools, Beautiful Soup, Django,
Scheduler) for building a product which can be used to send auto emails / alerts using SMS / WhatsApp and SMTP
Protocols.
e Perform Market Basket Analysis and Sentiment Analysis on Customer Feedbacks of various start-ups.
e Web Scrape data and convert it to PDF, JSON and TXT files.
e Developed dashboard to depict correlation heatmaps, Descriptive Statistics, Process Capabilities and Control Chart
for various trends from the data.
Meritude Skill Development Pvt Ltd, Hubli, KA, India
Period: January 2021- March 2021
Tools and Technologies: Python, Python OCR, Pandas, Numpy, Skikit-learn, Matplotlib, Seaborn, etc.
Roles and Responsibilities: Developer
e In-depth understanding of various Machine Learning Algorithms such as Supervised, Unsupervised and
Reinforcement Learning.
e Strong hold on Data Visualization, Data Mining Techniques and Python experience.
e Used Algorithms such as Predictive Modelling and Regression Analysis on various models.
World Clock Technologies Pvt Ltd, Banglore, India
Period:July 2019-August 2019
Tools and Technologies:Python,Scikit,NLP,Pandas
e Programs worked on mainly basics on Python concepts and introduction to series of pandas
e Aimed at giving a glimpse to the world of Machine Learning
GIT Academy, Hubli, KA, India
Period: October 2020- December 2020
Tools and Technologies: Java Core and JZEE Technologies.
e Evaluated interface between hardware and software, operational requirements and characteristics of overall system.
e Maintained integrity of Program Logic and Coding. Tested Functionality of the code on multiple browsers.
e Worked on Currency Converter, a mini- project based on Java.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Vision based Automatic Attendance System
Face Recognition is natural, easy to use. It is a series of several related problems which are solved step by step, to
capture a picture and detect all the faces in it.
Agricultural Robot
The agriculture robot is made of three wheels with one free wheel to take immediate actions. The drilling and seeding
mechanism is so arranged that the farmer can control from the RF remote control unit.
INTERESTS
e Sports
e Songs
e Traveller
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Gender: Male
Father’s name: Manjunath V S
Mother’s name: Geeta MS
Date of birth: 28 Sep 1997
Languages known: English, Hindi, Kannada, Konkani
Address: #39, Siddeshwar Park, Vidyanagar, Hubballi, Karnataka, India - 580031
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above provided information is true to the best of my knowledge.
Date:
Place: Hubballi Aditya Shejawadkar
