 
Ad [ Qa Kh Qa re adityakhare.110@gmail.com 5%
y 9009925543, 7378966008 a
Consultant
Pune, India Q
IT Professional having total 5 yrs of experience.
Working on Data Management using Python Modules, linkedin.com/in/aditya-khare-587b1956 jn
Visualization of Data and building Models for
 
Predictions. live:adityakhare.110 &
WORK EXPERIENCE SKILLS
Python Developer ct
Capgemini India pvt ltd
08/2020 - Present Pyspark Predictive Modeling
 
Tasks
e Working on Data Management, Major task involve developing tool For loading nS Fiissiiale Mickel
different kind of data coming From different sources into database like greenplum,
postgresql. Preferred Python libraries: Pandas, numpy, sqlalchemy For the process. y g
e Work on building shell scripts that can be triggered by job scheduler like Appworx. stevettl elarzcla(eyaiaicreatalte tt
e Building Dashboard to visualize the Failure and success of all kinds of Files along with
the reasons for occurrence of the Failure Logistic Regression LDA
Perl/Python Developer DEEN SCENTS
Capgemini india pvt ==
01/2017 - 07/2020 Pune
 
Tasks Descriptive Statistics
e Development and enhancement of application (ETL tool) using Perl/Python and shell my LL
scripting. Probability and Probability Distribution
e Worked as Hygiene Lead to upgrade different infrastructure components of the : : | Anova | Ey
. . . . . H th Test A = DyAN
project. Coordinate and work with different stake holders and analyze the impact of ypotnesis vesting _
change on different applications. PCA Data Interpretation
 
Data Scientist
Great Learning
Achievements/Tasks
e Developed Data Mining Models like CART, Random Forest to Predict Loan ACH | EVEMENTS
Foreclosure Propensity based on the customer demographic and loan repayment _
records. Enhance the performance of the Model by using different Machine Learning PAT ON BACK Certificate (08/2019 - 08/2019)
Algorithm using Gradient Boosting. For Clearing internal skill to lead test
e Based on the data, 33% of total revenue is lost due to foreclosure out which our
model is able to predict 78% of foreclosed customers which contribute 90% to the
total revenue loss. CERTI FICATES
e Build Linear Regression model to predict the time for Foreclosure(i.e after Oracle Database SQL Expert (01/2017)
completing how much tenure customer might go for Foreclosure) ;
Agile For Software Development (08/2020)
Fundamentals of Visualization Using Tableau by
Statistical & Probabilistic Analysis a
© The project involved drawing inferences from 3 case studies, namely - Wholesale Customer Essential Design Principles of Tableau By UC-
Data (Store Sales), University Survey Data & Manufacturing Shingles Data. The concepts of Davis (08/2020)
various measures of Descriptive Statistics, Probability and Probability Distributions and various
measures of Estimation & Hypothesis Testing are used to analyse these case studies.
Drug Analysis using ANOVA and Income Analysis using Linear Regression & ORGANIZATIONS
PCA Capgemini India PVT LTD (09/2016 - Present)
© The project involved drawing inferences From 2 case studies, namely - Hay Fever Drug Analysis
and Income Analysis. The concept of using ANOVA in the healthcare domain For medicine
testing purposes is used. The concept of Linear Regression and Principal Component is used to
build a model for Income Analysis. LANGUAG ES
Hindi
Full Professional Proficiency
English
Full Professional Proficiency
Page 1 of 2
