e DEEP LEARNING PROJECTS
1.Pneumonia Detection
We use the concept of transfer learning ( training on a huge set , but implementing it on a
relatively smaller data ) , and a pre trained VGG 16 architecture . We work with huge data set
of Images classified along with their corresponding labels into of being pneumonic or not.
After the pre processing , building model and compiling , the model can differentiate the
pneumonic from non pneumonic when fed with new image . Our data comes from Kaggle and
we make use of Keras , Tensorflow .
e 2. Driver Drowsiness Detection
The aim of this project is to detect the drowsiness of the driver while driving . We use OpenCV
and Dlib , which is a tool kit for facial detection with its 68 defined landmarks . We use the six
land marks around the eyes . We calculate the Euclidean distance between the points located
vertically and horizontally around the eyes and check the ratio . If the ratio is below the
required threshold over a certain time period , we conclude the driver is sleepy else the driver
might be drowsy or alert . We input the live data through camera and get the required output
whether drowsy or not.
e 3. Mask Detection
A critical component to fight with covid is the usage of simple mask . The task at hand is a
simple binary classification whether a person wears mask or not. We feed the input data
through live camera and as the output the model recognises if we have mask or not. We
gather the Dataset with 1000's of images and the associated labels with and without masks .
We used Keras , Tensorflow , Mobilenet and OpenCV to build a model . We pre process the
data , train the model with appropriate fine tuning of the parameters till we achieve better
accuracy .
Languages
e English, Telugu , Hindi
Achievements & Awards
e * Wrote UPSC Civil Services Mains Twice ( selection rate of 0.008 %) . *Recognition as an Employee with
best communication skills in Mahindra Satyam . * Cleared NTSE Exam. * State ranks in other competitive
exams by Govt of Telangana . * Volunteer in the areas of Health and RTI (Right to Information ) .
