AISHWARYA BANSODE
| +(91)9371912873; datascientist.asia@gmail.com| Linkedin | Github | Acclaim | Tableau |
Data Scientist | Machine Learning Engineer
SUMMARY:
Experienced Machine Learning Engineer, capable of building and deploying end-to-end large scale machine learning systems on-
premises and cloud. | have been spearheaded to improve analytical operations while working with teams as well as individually
to help in the organization’s growth, also to identify new models to streamline business processes with data-driven strategies.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Programming Languages: Python (Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, Scipy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Keras, OpenCV, Tensorflow), SQL.
Analytical Tools and Database: Tableau, PySpark with MLlib, MongoDB, Big Data Environment -Hadoop, HDFS, Cassandra, Kafka.
Techniques:Machine Learning,Deep Learning, A/B testing, Data analysis, Natural Language Processing,CNN, forecasting, modeling.
Deployment platform and OS: AWS, Azure, GCP, Flask, Heroku, Docker, Windows, Linux, Ubuntu.
WORK EXPERIENCE:
DATA ANALYTICS, Intern| KPMG Virtual Internship |Remote July 2020 — July 2020
¢ Analyzed data quality issues using Data Quality Framework table for 20,000 records and prepared a detailed approach
by gathering business requirements. Fabricated data exploration, model development results in interpretation of data.
* Developed an interactive Tableau dashboard increasing efficiency by 5% to provide customer insights and deep analysis
using data reporting to make data-driven decisions by analyzing top buyers who are likely to buy more products.
ASSOCIATE DATA SCIENTIST, Intern| Hackveda|Hackveda, India May 2020 — June 2020
* Design responsive machine learning model for Bangalore House Price prediction and integrated with a web application.
¢ Implemented using Supervised ML XGBoost Regression algorithm on AWS EC2 instance and achieved 89% of accuracy.
¢ Spearheaded the introduction of ad-hoc analysis and high-level analytical reports providing industry analysis.
MACHINE LEARNING ENGINEER, Trainee| Synechis Aquilam Solutions | Pune, India Aug 2019 — Jan 2020
* Developed models for HR employee retention, Startup profit predictor, Breast cancer prediction using Flask API.
¢ Implemented and perform statistical analysis to design these predictive data models, also manipulated, transformed
and analyzed data by reviewing the model to deliver insights. Assisted in validating data using EDA/ETL technique.
¢ Hands-on experience in executing high value-added solutions for structured/unstructured, small and large scale dataset
to increase efficiency, accuracy, and utility using different types of regression, classification, clustering algorithms.
DATA SCIENCE, Trainee| Al Adventures |Pune, India Nov 2019 — Nov 2019
¢ Worked as data science practitioner on python programming basics including libraries such as Pandas and Numpy.
¢ Performed activities like data cleaning, data warehousing, data wrangling, mining and merging using Python and Excel.
* Proactively communicated, collaborated with team to compellingly to senior leadership of the organization.
PROJECTS:
Crowdfunding Startup Success Model (Github) Jan 2021
¢ Developed a model on AWS EC2 instance to assess the success prediction of crowdfunding startup for almost 168k
records of the US companies and visualize predicted performance of start-ups across each state using Tableau.
e Around $7 Million avg. median funding was raised while 70-82 % of investors invested in startups that became a success.
¢ Achieved 40% revenue growth of startup success model by implementing Logistic Regression with the accuracy of 86%.
Real Time Fraud Detection Model (Github) Oct 2020
¢ Designed model to anonymize real time credit card transactions labeled as fraudulent or not using anomaly detection
and risk management technique. This highly unbalanced dataset presents transactions of 284,807 records.
¢ Built model with Random forest classifier, consumes data from Cassandra, Kafka, spark and generated best score of 0.91.
Machine Learning pipelines with Azure ML Studio (Github) Aug 2020
e Architected a model to predict whether an individual’s income will be greater than or less than $50,000 per year based
on several attributes from the Adult Census data using a Two-class boosted Decision tree .
¢ Deployed and evaluated model as an Azure machine learning web service API where repository extracted 32k entries.
Face Mask Alert System (Github) Jun 2020
¢ Face Mask Detection system built using Tesla T4 GPU and Computer Vision concepts in order to detect face masks. If the
person captured without wearing mask then system send alerts to concerned authorities via email and denies access.
Real Time Speech Recognition (Github) Jun 2020
* Real-time speech to text translation using Google API to search and play youtube video. The voice captured command,
reduces the effect of noise and will then triggered to a web base query to redirects to the youtube.com search page.
EDUCATION:
IBM Data Science Professional Specialization | Coursera | Feb 2020
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Telecommunication | CGPA:7.04| North Maharashtra University, India | Aug 2019
ACHIEVEMENTS:
Earned badge issued by Microsoft MTA: Introduction to Programming Using Python - Certified 2019
Earned badge issued by IBM : Applied Data Science with python- Certified 2020
