AKANKSHA
SAXENA
B.TECH
M@ akanksha27398@gmail.com
\ 8799788177
Skills
PROGRAMMING
LANGUAGE
Python
NLP
Machine Learning
NLU
 
ALGORITHMS & OPEN
SOURCE LIBRARIES
Rasa
NLTK
TF-IDF
Flask
Apache Kafka
Transformers
Neural Network
DATABASES
Elasticsearch
MongoDB
VERSION CONTROL
GIT
PLATFORMS & TOOLS
AWS EC3
Google Cloud Platform
OPERATING SYSTEMS
Linux
Windows
Summary
 
e An IT professional with 2.5+ years of experience as a Python/ML Engineer.
e Skilled in managing end-to-end development of software products/projects from inception,
requirement specs, planning, designing, implementation, configuration, and documentation.
e Knowledge of Python, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Data Science.
e Extensive project management and R&D experience, with a conceptual understanding of the
application development life cycle and software development methodologies.
 
 
Education
G.L. Bajaj Institute of Technology & Management 2015 to 2019
B.tech
P.D.S Public School 2014 to 2015
Intermediate
P.D.S Public School 2012 to 2013
High School
Employment
Magic Software Noida
Sr.Associate Engineer Jan. 2019 to Current
e Worked as an ML Engineer and have created modules for the product.
e Handling Design, Development of Projects.
e Leading End to End Chat bot Development with B2C level Use cases focusing on End user in
Education domain like Students, Teachers etc.
e Maintaining project schedule and communicating project status to the management.
Projects
 
Magicbox Chatbot
e Magic Box is the chat bot based on Online Education Platform like Searching Courses, Searching
Books. Assignment & Recommendation of Courses on the Chat bot itself.
e It also offers use-cases to handle Reminders & notifications to students for pending homework etc.
e Magicbox Chat bot is built on Rasa Framework
e Magicbox Chat bot is work on Multi-Tenancy
Semantic Searching for Bots
e The semantic searching is an advance searching designed to be used in any bot, was made to
search courses, contents, answer for any question, and useful data based on the searched term
from the database.
e It uses concepts like BERT SENTENCE TRANSFORMERS, AUTO TAGGING of all the available data
along with queries built on top of Elastic Search.
Magicbox Auto Q&A Assessment
e Auto QnA assessment is a scoring mechanism of answers with respect to their question for
students using deep learning models and NLP technologies.
e It also leverages auto concept recommendation of content based on the assessment. It uses
Elasticsearch as it’s data storage.
e It was designed to ease the extra effort of teachers in writing answers for their questions,
evaluating student’s answer sheets.
Awards
 
Manager - WOW Award
e Appreciation for dedication and focus on the work to ensure quality and on time delivery.
e For outstanding commitment, contribution and passion towards the project - Magicbox chat bot
