2.Menu Maker Tool - Cognitive on Cloud /UberEATS, Bengaluru- Karnataka
Description: Developing a ML Model for detecting the items in a Menu and generate a custom
csv format for further process
Role: Data Scientist
Language: Python
Technology & Packages: Computer Vision, NLP, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Data Analysis,
TensorFlow, Object Detection, Flask, GCP, Al Platform.
Responsibilities:
e Used python on Visual Studio Code to clean and analyze Large Datasets.
e Developed Object Detection model using TensorFlow (Trained on Faster RCNN Model)
e Automated this ML solution completely with GCP pipeline by using Cloud Build, Cloud Scheduler
and Cloud Function, Cloud Run and Google Kubernetes components.
e Also created an Al Pipeline in Al Platform for getting a CI/CD ML Solution.
3.Document Image understanding/Form Parser/CME Client, Bengaluru- Karnataka
Description: This Project aims in Document Image Understanding and Information Extraction
Task from Forms and Receipts Data using NLP Techniques and Deep Learning Transformer Models. And
building an Airflow Pipeline for orchestrating the Solution.
Role: Data Scientist.
Language: Python
Technology & Packages: NLP, Deep Learning, Transformers, LayoutLM -hugging face Transformer
Model, Pytorch , MLflow, Airflow, Bentoml .
Responsibilities:
e Understanding the whole documentation of the Business problem and acquiring knowledge.
e Gathering Data [FUNSD Data] and annotating the Images on Label studio Platform into their
respective Labels.
e Pre-processing the obtained Json Data from Label Studio to the input format of Transformer
Model.
e Model Training and Evaluation using Pytorch and layoutLM Transformer.
e Storing the Updated Model and its features in MIflow for future use.
e Serving the Final Model using Bentoml Service.
e Building a Airflow Pipeline for the above mentioned steps to orchestrate the Solution
automatically.
4.E-Newspaper Segmentation/Digital Works Client, Bengaluru- Karnataka
Description: Project aims in Image segmentation of Newspaper for CME Client using Vision
Based Deep Learning Model for Segmentation tasks
Role: Data Scientist.
Language: Python
Technology & Packages: Computer Vision, Deep Learning, Image Segmentation, Pytorch, Detectron 2,
Airflow, MLflow.
Responsibilities:
e Understanding the whole documentation of the Business problem and acquiring knowledge.
e Data Annotation using LabelMe tool with Indian Newspapers (Economic Times, Times of India,
etc.).
e Preprocessing of data to the suitable formats (Mask Images, json)
e Building the Detectron Model for Newspaper Segmentation task.
e Creating an Airflow pipeline for the entire solution and automate the runs.
