Ak arsh Bangalore - 54, Karnataka
+91 78996 25624 &
B h aradwaj akarshcool.30@gmail.com
Data Scientist with 2+ years of hands-on experience in delivering valuable insights via Data Analytics and
Advanced Data driven methods using predictive modelling, Data Pre-processing, and Machine learning
algorithms to solve challenging Business problems. Proven ability to understand Customer requirements
and translate into actionable project plans. Dedicated and hard-working with a passion for Data Science.
Skills
e Strong in Data Science Technologies using Python Libraries of programming
e Data Analysis, Statistical and Predictive Modelling
e Have good experience in Machine Learning - ML Algorithms (Linear Regression, Logistic, Decision Tree,
SVM, KNN, etc.)
e Experienced in working with Python Libraries (SciPy, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Scikitlearn, NLTK,
TensorFlow, Keras, etc.)
e Basics on Deep Learning- Neural Networks, ANN, RNN, CNN.
e Hands on Experience with NLP and Computer Vision Projects.
e Exposed to complete Project Life Cycle — Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing and Implementations
e Worked on OCR- Tesseract OCR and Abby.
e Strong Communications and creative problem-solving skills
Experience
TECH MAHINDRA: BANGALORE, KARNATAKA (JAN 2019 — PRESENT)
PROJECTS
MARCH 2020 — PRESENT (Al COMPETENCY TEAM)
1.Menu Maker Tool on-prem/UberEATS, Bengaluru- Karnataka
A Leading online Food Delivery Company that is interested in creating a tool that will capture
Menu’s from Restaurant to generate a custom CSV format for further process. Also making the tool
applicable for Multi-Language (Cantonese, Mandarin, Spanish and Japanese).
Role: Data Analyst/ Python Developer.
Language: Python
Technology & Packages: Computer Vision, NLP, PyQt, OCR (Tesseract, OCR.space, Abbey), Pillow,
OpenCV, Text blob.
Responsibilities:
e Understanding the whole documentation of the Business problem and acquiring knowledge.
e Built a tool using Python to capture Menu’s by labelling the items.
e Used Tesseract OCR and improved accuracy with different techniques to capture the labels.
e For Multi-Languages - Adding a suggestion box in Tool for Agents to assist them for selection of
item using Python Packages — (Google Translate, Text Blob, Wiki)
