¢ Conducting Root Cause and Trend Analysis on negative impacts to system
resources to help establish and maintain Service Level Agreements and
increase corporate revenue.
¢ Designing prediction algorithm using advanced data mining algorithms to
classify similar properties together for developing sub-markets; performing
cleaning of data which includes understanding & removing unnecessary &
repetitive data .
¢ Maintaining healthy business relations with clients, ensuring high customer
satisfaction matrices by achieving delivery & service quality norms.
Projects Undertaken:
1. Title: Named Entity Extraction for Personal Identity Information(PIl) data.
Client: SISA Information Security.
Team Size: 4 members
Tools & Technology: Python, Natural Language Processing, NLTK library, Named Entity
Recognition, CRF classifier, Pycharm.
Datasets: PII data(name, geographic location, others entity, and more) scanned by the
Radar tool.
Role: Data Collection, Feature Engineering,Model Creation,Model Hyper- parameter
Tuning, Model Deployment.
Description: Reduced the false positives to 94% encountered by the customer after the
scan of PIl data by the Radar tool. The elimination of false positives data need manual
efforts of the customer success team which is reduced by the machine learning model.
2. Title: Masking credit card numbers on Image .
Client: SISA Information Security.
Team Size: 4 members
Tools & Technology: Python, SSD Mobilenet (Object Detection) model, Tensorflow 1.15,
Google-Colab, Tesla-T4 GPU .
Datasets: Credit card images of major six types (VISA, DinersClub, AMEX, MasterCard,
Maestro, JCB).
Role: Data Collection, Feature Engineering, Model Creation, Model Deployment.
Description: Masked the 16 digits credit card or debit card numbers on image with the
confidence range between 80%-95% which allow the customer to fulfil the requirements of
PCI DSS.
3. Title: False Positive Reduction in PCI Data
Client: SISA Information Security
Team Size: 4 members
Tools & Technology: Python, Natural Language Processing, NLTK library, Logistic
Regression, Pycharm.
Datasets: Various card data keywords and card brand keywords.
Role: Data Collection, Feature Engineering, Model Creation,Model Hyper- parameter
Tuning, Model Deployment.
Description: Reduced the false positives in the PCI data scanning to 95% which
encountered by the customer after the scan of PCI data by the Radar tool. The elimination
of false positives data need manual efforts of the customer success team which is reduced
by the machine learning model.
4.Title: Forecasting the Usage Pattern of Subscriber for Telecom.
Client: Lebara Mobile UK.
Team Size: 3 members
Tools & Technology: Python, Seaborn and Matplotlib libraries for visualisation,RNN LSTM,
Tensorflow, Pycharm.
