PN ay=avem @ernatsls
Experienced Data Scientist adept at collecting, analyzing, and interpreting, large datasets, developing
new predictive models, and performing data management tasks. Possessing an extensive skill, strong
attention detail, and a significant ability to work in team environments. Furnish insights, analytics and
business intelligence used to advance opportunity identification.
W% anandkumartm94@gmail.com
°) Vijayanagar 19th main marenahalli 560040,
sXelater=] (Cin O Pm [avel ra)
WORK EXPERIENCE
Jr Data Scientist
Bitlogic Software Pvt Ltd
02/2020 - Present Bengaluru
Roles and Responsibility
© Data mining or extracting usable data from valuable data
sources.
e@ Using machine learning tools to select Features, create and
optimize classifiers.
® Carrying out preprocessing of structured and unstructured
data.
e Processing, cleansing, and validating the integrity of data to
be used for analysis.
© Analyzing large amounts of information to find patterns and
solutions.
® Developing prediction systems and machine learning
algorithms.
e Presenting results in a clear manner.
® Data Driven site Recommendation.
Assistant Engineer
Hari Bhargo Engineering Pvt Ltd
05/2017 - 08/2018 Bengaluru
Roles and Responsibility
e Analysis of the project data to plan the upcoming course of
activities.
© Designing of sheet metal products for manufacture given by
the clients.
© Determining the optimal sequence of operations of the
project, whilst implementing efficient methods to increase
productivity.
EDUCATION
BE
VTU
09/2011 - 01/2016
Course
® Mechanical Engineering
BM 8660739863
Ey 13 February, 1994
 
SKILLS
PROJECTS
Recommendation of similar apparel products to the
customer (02/2020- 12/2020)
© Working on building NLP based model while working with a team
ona fashion products website. Creating & building real time
recommendation engine to rank sales leads For upsell opportunities
in website using Python SQL.
© Performing development of K-nearest neighbors to identify non
exact matching duplicates. Analyzing ML and data mining
techniques to forecast company sales of new products with 95%
accuracy.
Retail Analytics (01/2021 - Present)
© Performed Exploratory Data Analysis on data to discover hidden
insights in Python and SQL. Worked on POC projects, implemented
RFM Analysis , Market-Basket etc.
© Implemented Apriori Algorithm to check association for cross sell/
up sell of the products. Segmented customers based on RFM
Analysis For targeted marketing.
© Pre-Processing and analysis of the Data and recommending insights
to team for future actions.
LANGUAGES
English Hindi
Professional Working Proficiency Full Professional Proficiency
Kannada
Limited Working Proficiency
