+91-9819440751 +91-8104256976 ‘y
ANJALI CHAND linkedin.com/in/anjali-chand-217b9989 jn
CERTIFIED DATA SCIENTIST anjalichand7@gmail.com gQ
Mumbai, MH, 400093 9
 
SUMMARY
Certified Data Scientist with overall 5 years of work experience in Data-Centric Software Testing roles. Intermediate level of knowledge
of analytical stack (Python, SQL, Statistics, Machine Learning Models, and NLP). Experienced in collecting, analyzing, and interpreting
large datasets, developing software solutions, and performing data management tasks. Possessing extensive analytical skills, strong
attention to detail and a significant ability to work in team environment.
TECHNICAL SKILLS 00.2... ccc cece cece eee e eee e eee eens eee eee e eee nena eee eee e eee eee eeeee eee eee eee eeeee esas
e Packages: Scikit - Learn, Numpy, SciPy, Plot.py, Pandas, NLTK, Matplotlib, Flask, Seaborn
e Big Data Stack: Python, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Linux, Hadoop
e Statistics/ML/NLP: Linear/Logistic Regression, K-Nearest Neighbors, Random Forest, Naive Bayes, Clustering, BERT, GloVE, CNN,
RNN, MobileNetV2
e Visualization: Tableau, QlikSense
PROJECTS... cc ccccecceceeceeseceeneceenecuenecueceeusaeeuseueuseucuenecueaueuueuenseusaeeusueceeaeauseueuseeeuseesusaususeususauenseusuegueaeaussesuesusueaesags
Text Classification for Statements using DistilIBERT(Capstone) — NLP
e A binary classifier to identify whether a statement is Judgemental or Non-Judgemental.
e A data set of 320 sentences is created with balanced classes.
e Final Model used with DistilIBERT and Logistic Regression (Tried TF-IDF, Bi-Directional RNN with GloVe)
e Accuracy on Test Data is 75% and on Train Data is 80%.
e Deployed the end model on Heroku using Streamlit
e Binary Classifier to identify Alphonso and Non-Alphonso Mangoes seeing at the pictures of mango.
e Web scraped images to get Alphanso and Non-Alphanso Mango Images for Dataset (300 images)
e Trained with CNN and MobileNetV2 pre-trained model.
e Used image augmentation to train the images and performed hyperparameter tuning
e Accuracy of Model on training set is 79% and on validation set is 82%
Airbnb New User Bookings Prediction : Machine Learning Multi Classification
e Predict which country a new user's first booking destination will be over a data-set of size (Training: 213451, 16)
e Handled multi-collinearity and performed feature engineering
e Performed Bi-Variate and Multi-Variate Analysis on the dataset
e Performed Random Forest with accuracy 0.6248 and Naive Bayes (Bernoulli NB) with accuracy 0.556.
Used Car Price Prediction : Machine Learning Regression
e Prediction of Used car price over a data-set of size (Training: 6019, 13)
e Performed EDA on the data-set and imputed missing values with appropriate measures.
e Performed KNN Regressor and Linear Regression for prediction. KNN R42= 0.8551 and Linear Regression R42 = 0.68
WORK EXPERIENCE 1.0... eee ce eee ee eee eee eee eee ee eee ee eee eee eee ee eee eee eee eee eee eee eee eee
INSTITUTIONAL SHAREHOLDER SERVICES / DEC 2020 - PRESENT / SENIOR SOFTWARE TEST ENGINEER
e Verifying that different Analytical Reports that are generated by the DataDesk application have correct data.
e Verifying 3500+ data points (internal + external) of DataDesk application, Database tables, and API responses.
e Works daily on Linux scripting, and SQL Query Execution.
e Developing new test cases for automation test suite of ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) Services (API Calls)
e API testing of (GET, POST ) HTTP requests using PostMan.
e Team Management and assigning tasks to the junior team members.
