Domain: Online Education | Oct '19 | Tech Stack: Python, Jupyter Notebook
e Objective: An education company wanted to increase its lead conversion rate by correctly identifying potential leads
e Solution: Designed a Logistic regression model which could predict the potential leads and increase the conversion
rate.
Domain: Automotive | Aug '18 | Tech Stack: Python, Jupyter Notebook
e Objective: An Auto company interested to enter into manufacturing in the US market wanted to know factors in the
American Market on which the price of an automobile would depend.
e Solution: Came up with a linear regression model which specified the indicators along with their importance in
deciding the price of the automobile.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
 
Company Name -— Tata iQ
Client — Tata Power Text Classification
e The objective of this project is to classify the similar items together.
e Data Pre-processing, Explore the data, Data Cleaning, Understand the similarity using Cosine Similarities.
e Train the model using Spacy, Predict the item name, dimension and category using trained model.
Client — Tata Projects Forecasting
e The objective of this project is to build the Metal Price Forecasting Model (Steel/Copper/Aluminium).
e Data Preparation, Data Cleaning, Missing value treatment, EDA for the data
e Identify important variables using Grid Search & Granger Causality technique
e Perform VAR Modelling to forecast the indices price for long term & short term period.
Client — Tata Power Forecasting
e The objective of this project is to build the Coal Price Forecasting Model for various type of coal (API2/API4/NewC).
e Data Preparation, Data Cleaning, Missing value treatment, EDA for the data
e Perform VAR Modelling to forecast the indices price to next months.
Client - TSSS Customer Base Segmentation
e The objective of this project is to segment the customer based on the various data points available for segregation of
customer. Ex: nature of the campaign response, leads and program response (MGM, Spin and Smile).
e Data Preparation, Data Cleaning, EDA for the various forms of data.
e Clustering should be done in order to divide of a set of consumers into persons with similar needs and wants.
Client — Croma NPS Calculation
e Extract the data from various sources (ECOM, BCOM & Carry-In)
e Data Preparation, Data Cleaning, Data Integration, Data Enrichment by using Python.
e Based on NPS Promoter tag their experience into Detractor, Passive and Promoter.
Client — TSSS FNF Advocacy
e TSSS FNF Advocacy project aims in rule based segmentation of customers based on their behaviour throughout.
e Initially their nature of referring, campaign responses, page visits against each individual brands are created
e Data Preparation, Data Integration, EDA and Data Profiling from various form of data
