Arpit Goel
Data Specialist involved in Data Driven Business Decisions.
Delhi NCR, India
civil.arpit@gmail.com
+919212455566
Experienced in Different Projects by using Machine Learning Algorithms and interpreting their results
using Visualizations and graphs. Done Exploratory Data Analysis, and Predictive Analysis as part of
Real-Live Industrial Internship Projects along with giving approaches towards implementation. Worked
as Team Lead in Product Engineering Department of a B2B SAAS Startup with the role inclined towards
Product Optimization and Product Enhancement. Sound Knowledge of Python, R, Tableau, SQL, MS-
Excel. Determined to Learn and Apply Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learning. Efficient in Predictive
Analytics and Descriptive Analytics.
Personal Details
Date of Birth: 1993-05-25
Eligible to work in: India
Highest Career Level: 2-5 years experience
Industry: Banking & Finance, Education & Instruction, Human Resources, Internet, Ecommerce, KPO,
Research, Analytics, Marketing, Other, Project Management, Sales, Software Development, Technology
Work Experience
Data Analyst
GenLeap Ecosystems Pvt Ltd
May 2021 to Present
Being a part of Bootstrap Startup, Involved in Data Analysis and Data Visualization. Playing major role in
developing an algorithm for calculation of Astromancy scores by an Astrological Calculation Engine using
Rest API and Python with process efficient approach. Involved in design of Data Warehouse Architecture
using GCP & BigQuery.
Intern Data Scientist - Product Engineering Department
Slintel
January 2021 to April 2021
1. Project : Analysis of Salesforce CRM data to derive useful insights for Slintel. This Project was inclined
towards analyzing the Salesforce CRM Data of our clients to find Insights for Product Optimization. As a
result of analysis, found KPIs which helped in restructuring the Leads Database by mitigation of obsene
leads and also Product feature enhancement KPIs which can be used to make a prediction system similar
to Einstein Score and Pardot Score which are native systems of Salesforce.
2. Project : Recalculation of Technographics Confidence Score. This Project was taken up as an
experiment to find out the outcomes of an approach being applied as a POC for Recalculation of
confidences using machine learning, predictive analytics and mathematical and statistical approaches.
Using Clustering Algorithm, data was clustered into the groups on the behalf of no. of domains and
