 
 
 
 
 
Arun Mohan
Machine Learning Engineer
A proactive and fast-learning individual data science candidate with
good problem solving skills and well versed in machine learning and
scientific research.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of technology in electronics and
communication
Jawaharlal college of engineering and
technology
07/2012 - 07/2016
WORK EXPERIENCE
Data Science Analyst
UL Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd
10/2019 - Present Calicut
Achievements/Tasks
© Implemented an image segmentation model to detect
building footprint from drone images and thus reduced the
manual annotation cost by 75% .
© Developed and deployed a chatbot which is able to clear
customer queries based on taxation using Rasa
framework.
e Engaged in various other activities including building and
deploying explainable machine learning models using
classical machine learning techniques for root cause
analysis.
© Developed and deployed an OCR which extracts text from
scanned documents like pan card, aadhar card and license
card using deep learning and image processing
techniques(POC).
Software Developer
Infolks Pvt Ltd
05/2019 - 10/2019 Palakkad
Achievements/Tasks
© Converting json output of annotation tool to other formats
like xml, png etc as per client requirements.
e Automated bounding box annotation of vehicles using
deep learning (YOLO) to ease annotation process(POC).
Cloud Engineer
G7CR Technologies
08/2017 - 04/2018 Bangalore
Achievements/Tasks
e Installing,configuring Lamp, Magento, WordPress, nagios,
guacamole etc in Linux machines in Aws and Azure cloud.
e Managed various services like Ec2,ELB,VPC etc in Aws
cloud and configuring servers using ansible and python
scripts.
mail2arun34@gmail.com
XJ
9544226883 []
www.kaggle.com/arunmohan003 &
linkedin.com/in/arun-mohan-05152612a jn
github.com/arunm8489 €)
arunm8489.medium.com WR
SKILLS
2) ls os
PERSONAL PROJECTS
IEEE CIS Fraud Detection(Top 3.5% On Kaggle LB)
© Implemented various machine learning models to detect online
fraudulent transactions . Final model was based on Xgboost with an
AUC of 0.928
® Detailed solution : https://towardsdatascience.com/ieee-cis-fraud-
detection-top-5-solution-5488fc66e9 5f
 
 
SIIM Pneumothorax Segmentation(Top 10% Kaggle LB)
® Detected regions of Pneumothorax from Chest Xray images using
various image segmentation and deep learning techniques.
© Experimented with various models including Unet,Unet++,ReSUnet
and FPN.
© Final model was based on Unet with ResNet Encoder and deep
supervision branch which achieved an dice coefficient of 0.83.
® Deployed the final model using Flask after converting it to onnx
runtime.
® Detailed solution: hitps://medium.datadriveninvestor.com/siim-acr-
pneumothorax-segmentation-top-1 0-result-abff760e0cab
 
 
Sentiment Analysis On Amazon Food Reviews
© Using machine learning and deep learning techniques to classify
whether the review of any food in Amazon is positive or negative. For
better and trusted system various algorithms like logistic regression,
Naive Bayes, Xgboost, Random Forest and deep learning models like
LSTM were tried.
© Final model based on LSTM was deployed using Flask
® Detailed solution: https://towardsdatascience.com/sentiment-
analysis-on-amazon-food-reviews-from-eda-todeployment-
£985c417b0c
 
 
 
CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
Active Contributer in Kaggle
Blogging regarding data science on various medium
publications like towardsdatascience, datadriven
investor and thestartup.
