Ashish Upadhyay
M.P., India (474006)
Contact No.: +91-9131811694
Email: ashishupadhyay268@gmail.com
Github: https://github.com/ashish-pandit
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Data Scientist with 3.2+ years of experience in developing Machine Learning and Deep Learning models like ANN, CNN,
Logistic Regression, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Trees, Random Forest, XGBoost, Dimensionality Reduction algorithms
using Tensorflow and Sklearn.
Extensive experience in doing Data Analysis, Data Cleaning, Exploratory Data Analysis, Feature Engineering, Feature
Transformation, Feature Selection as well as developing and deploying solutions via Rest Web services.
Experience working with unstructured data like text to perform task like sentiment analysis, named entity recognition,
classification etc.
Advance engineering skills in designing, developing, productionizing and maintaining Al solutions using best practices like
DataOps, MLOps, and tools like docker.
Hands on exposure with SQL for efficient data retrieval and transformation and Python for building scalable application
and deploying solutions in production.
KEY SKILLS
 
Statistics Descriptive Statistics, Inferential Statistics, Predictive Statistics
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
“Data Scientist”at Swap infotech pvt. Ltd, August 2018 to Present
Development of end-to-end machine learning prototypes with aim to use the models in real time.
Support and extend existing predictive models for marketing forecast, employee retention, churn prediction etc.
Apply agile approaches for proof-of-concept requirements. Using iterative methods to help drive and refine information
requirements, mockups, and prototyping.
Identification of areas and domains to apply data science skills using Python, SQL, Predictive modelling, Machine Learning, Deep
Learning and NLP.
Strong skills in data manipulation, cleaning and exploratory analysis. Able to make logical conclusions about complex data that
help properly format it for statistical analysis.
Financial risk prediction using Random Forest with ROC of 0.93.
Insurance quote acceptance using Decision Trees with accuracy of 95%.
Visualization of complex data and analytical result using data visualization.
Mentoring junior associates and ensuring best practices to be followed.
