PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN
Project: Financial Risk Prediction
Description: For any organization, even the slightest chance of financial risk cannot be ignored. Organizations conduct regular
inspections on their expenditures and revenue to make sure that they do not fall below the critical limit.
1. Used different algorithms like Decision Tree, Random Forest, SVM, Logistic Regression, Adaboost to train a model.
2. Variety of algorithms used in python to prepare models to predict financial crunch.
Project: Heart-Attack Prediction
Description: Heart diseases have become more than necessary. The project involved analysis of the Heart attacks patient dataset
with proper data processing.
1. Trained models and predictions were made using different algorithms KNN, Decision Tree, Random Forest, SVM, Logistic
Regression, etc.
2. |have used a variety of Machine Learning algorithms, implemented in python, to predict the presence of heart diseases.
Project: Loan eligibility prediction.
Description: A Classification Problem which predicts if a loan will get approved or not.
1. Used pandas, matplotlib and seaborn libraries to extract insight from the data and various machine learning algorithm.
2. Hyperparameter tuning using grid search cross validation for the xgboost machine learning model.
3. Pickled the model for deployment for backed team to be served for real time prediction..
Project: Saferwatch
Description: SaferWatch is a web and mobile based security system that was built to provide a higher level of safety for individuals
and enhance security for organisation including schools, corporations, public venues, neighbourhoods and communities.
1. Involved in developing portal for admin user in nodejs.
2. Maintained brand standards under company guidelines.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
Institution/ Board Year of Passing CGPA / Percentage
B.Tech (ECE) Lovely Professional University, Phagwara, Punjab 2015
ACHIEVEMENTS
 
e Top 5 winner of Hindi pakhwada.
e Received “Best Performer” award at Swap infotech for Q4 FY 2018-19.
e Received “League of Champions” award at Swap infotech for Process improvement.
e Received “Achiever” award at Swap infotech for Q1 FY 2019-20.
