ASHIS
PANDA
DATA SCIENTIST
™@ ashisk.akp@gmail.com
@ medium.com/@GeneAshis
& +91-7358270790
¥ ashiskumarpanda
in ashis-panda-b211b592/
© CaptainAshis
Summary
 
Data Scientist with 5+ years of
Experience executing data-driven
solution to increase efficiency and
accuracy. Experienced in creating
machine learning models using
predictive data modelling
techniques and analyzing the
output of the algorithm to deliver
insights and implement action
oriented solutions to complex
business problems.
Skills
PYTHON
 
SQL
R
DATA SCIENCE
MACHINE LEARNING ALGORITHMS
TABLEAU
PYTORCH
KERAS
MATPLOTLIB
NUMPY
PANDAS
DEEP LEARNING
SCIKIT LEARN
AWS SAGEMAKER
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING
TRANSFORMERS
LSTM
PYSPARK
MULTIPROCESSING
Education
 
Bachelor Of Technology in Electrical and Electronics Engineering at Vellore Institute of 2011 to
Technology , India 2015
Employment
 
Abzooba
Data Scientist July 2020 to Current
G2 Bangalore
Data Science Analyst
This position was a part of Covid19 layoff at G2.
Nov. 2019 to July 2020
Infosys
Senior Analyst Dec. 2015 to Oct. 2019
Projects
 
1. Credit Risk Model Probability of Default (NPA Prediction) -
Probability of the default Model is about describing the likelihood of a default over a particular time horizon. It provides a
probability estimate that a borrower will be unable to meet its debt obligations.
Worked on business requirement/model document for development of propensity model for Probability of Default.
i). This will be responsible for providing analytics support across credit risk lifestyle initiatives: origination, portfolio/capital &
customer risk management with collections & recovery.
ii). Worked on Statistical models Logistic Regression /Decision Trees in JupyterLab platform for scoring and batch processing
using Python Scikit learn, along with the performance of models.
iii). Compared & Selected best model based on ROC Curve & various other parameters like K-S statistics, Lift and Gain Charts.
iv). Made feature selection process faster using Pyspark and parallel processing.
2. Predictive maintenance using machine learning models
i). Predict possible/upcoming failure in manufacturing equipment. Detect anomalous behavior through sensor readings.
ii). Pre-emptive action based on anomalous behavior to avoid breakdowns.
iii). Saving in terms of both cost and effort.
iv). Reduced downtime and increased efficiency.
3. Moderation Automation algorithm
Used Natural Language Processing on reviews to build G2’s very first Moderation Automation algorithm to increase quality and
efficiency of review QA. It helped in reducing Manpower hour involved in the process . Processes includes:-
i). Used text analytics to detect Plagiarised reviews.
ii). Implemented Multi-lingual Transformers(B.E.R.T) to detect cross-Language plagiarised reviews.
iii). Conceptualized an algorithm to detect Gibberish reviews present in the database.
iv). Automated the whole of Moderation Automation process .
4. Developed an efficient Dynamic pricing model for one of the largest Logistics Company in USA
This project involved one of the Largest Freight company in USA who acts as a broker between their Clients who wants their loads
to be transported and the Carriers.
The Freight Company would get a quotation price by their Clients for the load to be transported between a Origin to Destination
pair and would negotiate that price (Carrier Paid Transportation Expense) with the Carriers. This was basically done by the Carrier
Representatives in the Freight company by using their existing domain knowledge and their years of experience in negotiation.
Our main aim was to develop an efficient dynamic pricing model which understands that given the factors involved, it can exactly
come up with a price that has to be paid to the Carriers. Responsibilities undertaken as a part of this project :-
i) Developed the conceptual and analytical framework of the proposal, as well as the codes for the algorithm used for analysis.
ii) Implemented various ML model for all the lanes and the data was sequenced temporally.
iii) Used Random Forest , XgBoost , Ridge and Lasso models and took an ensemble approach on top of these models, to come up
with the best and efficient Carrier Paid Transportation Expense model.
iv) Checked the performance separately on Smooth and Non-Smooth Lanes.
Activities
 
Towards Data Science and Hackernoon publication. - Writer 2018 to Current
¢ | work with Towards Data Science and Hackernoon publication as a Technical Blogger. These are the biggest Machine
Learning publication with an outreach of more than 100k subscribers.
e« Acouple of my blogs have received good appreciation from eminent deep learning personalities like Jeremy Howard (Deep
Learning Researcher , President of Kaggle) and David Robinson (Chief Data Scientist at Datacamp) .
e Achieved Rank 296/3714 on the Private Leaderboard in the Analytics vidhya hackathon.
 
Yes Bank - Guest Blogger
YesBank selected my blog to cover about their mega Datathon event held at Bangalore.
Analytics Society Meetup
| am part of Analytics Society Meetup at my workplace. My responsibilities involve brainstorming concepts of Deep Learning and
making the participants understand my experience of solving a project using Deep Learning approach.
