SAP Hybris Commerce Developer, NexGen, May 2018 - till now
Responsibilities:
e Worked closely with functional analyst and gathered client requirements to
design and develop the application.
e Involved in importing IMPEX files through Service Layer.
e Executed Data import/Export using Hybris Impex Scripts.
e Performed Customization of Hybris Data Modelling as per project requirement.
e Creation & use of item specific Interceptors.
e Created custom content and component.
e Involved in writing and scheduling the CronJobs.
e Implemented the Cron jobs using Hybris to pass over the orders, received
from the web, to the ERP Intuitive systems. For the order fulfilment process.
e Involved in development of Shopping Cart functionalities.
e Involved in writing the Flexible Search.
e Involved in writing the controller classes.
e Involved in writing the items.xml files.
e Involved in using flexible search service and Model Service.
e Experience on HOT folder Implementation.
e Experience on SOLR Facets, search and indexing.
e Experience on Smartedit and Product cockpit workflows customization.
e Application has been developed using Hybris Multichannel Suite with Spring
MVC.
e Actively involved in developing JSP Pages.
e Involved in development of jasper reports using iReport with Virtual JDBC
Extension.
e Involved in development of Extension for particular functionality.
e Instituted Agile, Scrum methodology to ensure delivery of high quality work
with bi-weekly iteration.
Environment: Hybris, Java, J2EE, Spring, JSP, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, AJAX,
JQuery and Tomcat
Java Developer, NexGen, March 2016 - April 2018
Responsibilities:
Developed technical platform for global client-to-vendor connectivity.
Uphold quality control and data validity for Java programs.
Resolve application and connectivity problems in Java programs.
Maintained and debugged applications.
e Unit tested and documented website applications and code.
e Built a complex Enterprise Java ecosystem in collaboration with development
team.
e Upheld program quality and delivery standards in developing software
solutions.
PROJECTS
Boohoo (UK), 2018 (B2C)
PrettyLittelThing (UK), 2020 (B2C)
EDUCATION:
Bachelor of Computer Engineering, Savitribai Phule Pune University, India, 2010-
2015.
