Dindie INS avaley-ton (-lar-
\ BEd aler-lel(-lareley-enrel Reelan Deep Learning Engineer
 
SUMMARY
Innovative Artificial Intelligence Engineer possessing strong mathematical skills and detailed knowledge of machine learning
evaluation metrics and best practices. Offering 4 years of experience creating programs and algorithms to enable machines to take
actions without being directed. Expertise in predictive analysis, data mining and computational statistics. Logical and detailed
professional with exceptional Python coding.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Deep Learning Engineer Jan '19 - Present
Addicor Technology Bengaluru, KA
Addicor Technology Bengaluru, KA Addicor technology is a leading it service-based company in India. Designed machine learning
systems and self-running artificial intelligence (Al) software to automate predictive models. Developed ML algorithms to analyze
huge volumes of historical data to make predictions. Turned unstructured data into useful information by auto-tagging images and
text-to-speech conversions. Researched and implemented best practices to improve existing machine learning infrastructure.
Research paper Implementation.
Machine Learning Engineer Jan '18 - Dec '18
BEPEC SOLUTIONS
BEPEC SOLUTIONS — Bengaluru, KA Bepec Solutions is a serviced-based company in Bengaluru and head office in Canada. Created
customized applications to make critical predictions, automate reasoning and decisions, and calculate optimization algorithms.
Transformed raw data to conform to assumptions of the machine learning algorithm. Designed, implemented, and evaluated new
models and rapid software prototypes to solve problems in machine learning and systems engineering.
Algorithms | Have worked on such as Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Decision tree, Random Forest, Boosting, KNN, SVM,
Naive Bayes, PCA, Clustering.
EDUCATION
Bachelor In Technlogy; B-tech in chemical engineering Mar '08 - Mar '12
BPUT, JITM Bhubaneswar, Odisha
CGPA:7.4
Master In Technlogy; M-tech In polymer nano technology Mar '14 - Mar '16
BPUT, CIPET Bhubaneswar, Odisha
CGPA:8.4
PROJECTS
PROJECT
Title: Cell Instance Segmentation, Detect single neuronal cells in microscopy images.
Business case: Segmenting individual neuronal cells in microscopic images can be challenging and time-intensive. Accurate instance
segmentation of these cells—with the help of computer vision—could lead to new and effective drug discoveries to treat the millions
of people with these disorders.
Roles and Responsibilities: We gathered a huge number of images, images are collected from the microscope captured images,
which is captured image previously. And started to analyze the images of different classes on cells. | planned to deliver whether cells
infected or not and if infected segment the instance. used papers are:mmdetection, mask R-cnn, yolact.
PROJECT
TITLE: uniform and Drunken face recognition.
Business case: Uniform and Drunken face recognition of all the employees before entering the workplace. So, based on the client's
requirement we built a deep learning model to help the client.
Roles and Responsibilities: We gathered a huge number of images, images are collected from the client's CCTV record, which is
captured image previously. And started to analyze the images of different classes like employees’ uniforms (yellow and green t-shirt)
and drunken faces (drunk persons have some difference in eyes and facial expressions from a normal person). | planned to
