deliver whether employees would be allowed or not to the workplace.
PROJECT
Title: Vision-based Smart Walker for Blind people.
Business case:
1: detects the objects.
2: Distance calculation between the objects and how much distance is far away
from the vertical line and notify.
3: Text generation according to the action and distance calculation, then text to speech.
Roles and Responsibilities: We gathered a huge number of images; images are collected from the stakeholder's site. Now we are in
the fourth stage of the project, building an object detection model.
PROJECT
Title-1: Deasis detection of chest x-ray
Business case: The stakeholder wants to detect Deasis(8-12 diseases) in the human chest by scanning the whole chest.
Roles and Responsibilities: We gathered a huge number of images, images are collected from the client's chest scan record, which is
captured image previously. And started to analyze the images of different diseases. we planned to deliver whether the patient has
been infected from chest Deasis or not. And using the pertained model we successfully detected all the chest diseases.
PROJECT
TITLE: Reduce Service Ticket Allocation Time.
Business Case: Amough Solutions is an e-commerce company delivering a wide range of products to its customers. Due to more
issues from the customers, even the service team takes a huge amount of time to close a ticket. We built a
solution to reduce the ticket closing time. Roles and Responsibilities: Based on the problem we thought to automate the
process of ticket allocation to the concerned team member based on the ticket, based on the time taken by a team member, and
based on its severity. We looked into the nature of data, most of the data were text format so by using NLP we converted this text
data into vector representation - We built a word cloud to understand which issues are highly generated, which issues are taking
more time and we captured more information on high repeated information. Then, we sent to the pertained or state of the art
algorithm for training and testing.
PROJECT
TITLE: Educational Chatbot
Business Case: Stakeholders is from educational background; they have a number of educational institutes. So, our client wants to
automate the answer of educational quarries.
Roles and Responsibilities: Due to a huge number of questions arising per day, it was impossible to answer all the questions by
coordinating team members. After better understanding the business problem, then we decided to create a
chatbot. Then we gathered a huge number of data based on the educational quarries with the predefined answers. Then pre-
processed the data and sent it to the pertained or state-of-the-art algorithm for training and testing. We got a good result in this
transfer learning algorithm.
PROJECT
TITLE: stock market analysis.
Business Case: Stakeholders is from stock market, they want to analyze the next 30 days stock.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Then we got huge number of data based on the previous stock history(data consist of 2 variables are:date, adclose).Then pre-
processed the data and sent it to the arima model for training and testing. We got a 31% accuracy in the fisrt approch, then we
implemented a research paper and got good accuracy.
KEY SKILLS
creating programs _ predictiveanalysis data mining and computational statistics Deep Learning
machine learning artificial intelligence algorithms text-to-speech rawdata machine learning algorithm
Linear Regression  LogisticRegression KNN SVM _= NaiveBayes’~ Clustering object detection
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING NLP cloud” algorithm  Chatbot
