Ashwin Joshi
Machine Learning | Data Science | Python
PySpark | NLP | Power BI | Cl CD
Projects Annexure
1.
Project :Dietary Assessment System for Elderly Persons using Deep
Learning Techniques.
One of the architecture of deep learning which performs efficiently in
Image classification is Convolution Neural Network (CNN).which learns
higher order features through Convolution. The proposed system uses CNN
trained and tested on fruits and breakfast database designed for an Indian
Elderly Person which not only classifies the food but also recognize the
nutrient content from a given food images
Project :Customer churn analysis.
The main contribution of project is to develop a churn prediction model
which assists to predict customers who are most likely subject to churn. The
model was prepared and tested through Spark environment.
Project : Classification of Complaints.(NLP Project)
The target project of the is to classify the service request in different
categories. Machine learning approach is used in this project Random forest
classifier is used to classify the messages.
Project: To develop resampling of dataset for classification.
algorithm.(Imbalance Data project)
Imbalanced datasets are those where there is a severe skew in the class
distribution. This bias in the training dataset can influence many machine
learning algorithms, leading some to ignore the minority class entirely. The
two main approaches to randomly resampling an imbalanced dataset are to
delete from the majority class, called under sampling, and to duplicate from
the minority class, called oversampling. Random oversampling and
Undersampling Imbalanced Datasets algorithm is used.
Project: Casting product image classification for quality inspection
using Alex Net
The objective of this project is to automate the process of finding defects in
the casting process. A casting Surface defect is an undesired irregularity in
the metal product. Deep Learning Alex Net architecture is used to classify
the image.
Surface Roughness Prediction (Regression Project).
Client: Inditech valves
The aim of the model is to predict Surface Roughness Prediction after
burnishing process (One of the manufacturing process).
Competition Participation
1.Food Demand Forecasting. XG Boost Linear Regression ML algorithm used
to predict the food demand
Following are capstone projects completed for learning.
Using the dataset from kaggle and other datasets sources.
1.Banking marking prediction.
2.Vaccination classification.
3.Spam and ham classification (NLP)
4. Phishing URL Detection with ML
5.Super market sales prediction.
Soft Skills
Problem Solving, Critical
Thinking
Expert @@®@@
Creative and Interpersonal Skills
Expert ©®@®@@
Languages
Business English
Expert @@@@@
Marathi
Expert ®©®@®@®
Other details
Marital Status: Married
Address:
Urbangram, Kirkatwadi, Sinhgad
Road, Pune — 411024
