Feb '19 - Apr ‘21
Jan '16 - Jan '19
Data Science and Analyst
e Created multivariate classification-based model using patient data helping to find the most
probable patients
e Developed segmentation models using K-means Clustering for exploring new patient segments
e With the help of Tableau, we created the end-to-end Tableau dashboard solution using the FDA
data which helped in finding the adverse events and the reasons for the same.
e This app helped Doctors to analyze the data with ease.
e Deployed Python to develop a patient segmentation algorithm for segregating the patients into
various severity. This algorithm helped hospital doctors to target the correct patients on time and
helped in the reduction of adverse events by 28%
Performance Enhancement & Business Transformation
e Utilized data mining techniques to resolve a wastage of medical costs which improved the cost-
saving of INR 3.2 million
e Achieved an MoM 14% increase in revenue through the application of hospital performance
assessment.
Data Analyst
Eduguide Searchurcollege Pvt. Ltd. | Noida, IN
Data Visualization & Application Development
e Analyzing the total site traffic and categorizing the traffic based on the key features by applying the
clustering technique using Python, helped the business to understand the current traffic segments
and their choices.
e Applied the time series prediction to understand the traffic over the period of time and plan the
marketing actions according to the predictions.
e Analyzing the current trend and giving any intimation to the business about the changes and
approach towards expanding the business.
Performance Enhancement & Business Transformation
e Developed and Deployed a segmentation algorithm for boosting sales leads and increasing market
Share by 34%
e Increased the subscriber base by 10% YoY after implementing the time series analysis and taking
marketing correct actions based on the clustering model.
Data Analyst
Global Standards | Lucknow, IN
Worked with one of the largest hospitals
Data Analysis of New and Existing Ventures According to ISO Standards
e Created the end-to-end Data Preprocessing App for the client who are applied for ISO Certification
and helped them to meet the standard parameter of ISO Marks. This was the end-to-end Data
Science App where aim was to make the product for the client as a Self Service Data Science
solution without a single coding.
e Using SQL, Excel, Tableau for the Data gathering, Analysis, Create Visualizations and Dashboards of
the Vendors and Clients.
e Main Challenges is Missing Data and not messed data.
Performance Enhancement & Business Transformation
e With the help of Tableau, we created the end-to-end Tableau dashboard solution using the FDA
data which helped in finding the adverse events and the reasons for the same.
e This app helped Vendors to analyze the data with ease.
e Saved 40% of the time in cleaning and processing the data by implementing the End-to-End Data
Preprocessing App.
 
Dec '19 - Dec '21
Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani
MTech in Data Science And Engineering | Pilani
Data Science and Engineering
