BIPLAB MISTRY
© +91-78905-14731
@ bpms315@gmail.com
Data Science & Machine Learning
Skills:
Data Management, Data Analysis, Python,
K-Means Clustering, KNN, ANOVA Testing,
Hypothesis Testing, T-test, Forecasting,
ARIMA, Data Wrangling, Data Munging,
Data Cleaning, Reinforcement learning,
Feature Engineering.
DL & Al Skills:
Deep Learning, CV2, Neural Networks,
TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, Perceptron,
NLP, Text Analysis.
Programming Skills:
MySQL, Turbo C and C++, VB6.0, HTML,
Shell Scripting, Java, R, Python.
Big data Skills:
BigData, Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Pig,
Sqoop, Log4J, gEdit, Parquette, AVRO,
Sequence File, Map file, XML file, HBase,
Flume, Sqoop, PySpark, Cloudera,
Zookeeper.
IDE Known:
NetBeans, Eclipse, Anaconda, PyCharm,
Spyder, Jupyter, RStudio, Kaggle.
OS:
Windows, Various Linux (CentOS, Debian,
Fedora and so on)
M.Sc. In Data Science -2020
Bachelors in Computer Application -2016
Seeking a position of Data Science, Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence related position to enhance my skill. Looking
for a challenging role in a reputable organization to utilize my technical, analysis and management skills for growth of
organization as well as to enhance my knowledge about new and emerging trends in the Data Science & Machine Learning.
Data Scientist with broad-based experience in building data-intensive application, overcoming complex architectural and
scalability issues in divers’ industries. Proficient in predictive modelling, data processing and data mining algorithms as well
as scripting language, including python and R. Capable of creating, developing, testing and deploying highly adaptive
diverse services to translate business and functional qualifications into substantial deliverables. Hold Bachelors in
Computer Application from DIET and M.Sc. in Data Science from IMS College under WBUT university, Kolkata.
DCT LLC. (REMOTE)
Data Scientist
January 2019 - Present
e Developed action plans to mitigate risks in decision making while increasing profitability by leveraging data
science.
e Drive the interaction and partnership between higher management team to ensure active cooperation in
identifying as well as defining analytical needs and generating pull-through of insights with business.
e Build predictive models using various machine learning tools to predict possibility of equipment failure.
e Develop algorithms using Natural Language Processing and Deep Learning models for predictive maintenance.
e Design and implement data models, perform statistical analysis and create predictive analysis models
e Refactor current predictive models, and extract commonly used functions into a reusable set of packages and
libraries.
e Manage the environment using Anaconda
e Help enforce software best practices, and work with others to deploy new models to our production servers
e Work with the business to apply scientific methods and to evolve data science solutions
e Analyzed the data by performing Linux terminal along with Jupyter and Spyder using anaconda.
e Used feature engineering to lead missing values, then trained and tested to fit a particular model.
e Plotted data to check outliers and validity.
° Developed forecasts, statistical models, segmentation schemes, and data-driven analyses.
e Built data model to improve forecast accuracy.
e Used POS Tagging to check relationships within the sentence and assigns a corresponding tag to other word.
e Created program to enlist all frames, extract all the information from frames using OpenCV.
e Used OpenCV to calculate gray scale and also RGB scale.
e Built the Text Classification Model using TF-IDF (Term Frequency-Inverse Document Frequency).
Business Development Manager.
e Replied to inquiries from prospective candidates from our active job listings.
e Successfully developed a candidate pipeline and offered guidance to candidates for professional
development.
e Participant and active member of higher management team for taking decisions.
e Developed and oversaw marketing functions to identify key marketing strategies for successful new
customer acquisition and sales growth.
e Enhanced organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests;
exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.
e Collaborate with cross-functional teams to improve customer service experience
e Lead planning, strategy, proposal process, and bid preparation
e Developed and implemented new marketing and sales plan and defined the strategies
e Built and maintained relationships with key contacts at potential clients, consulting companies and
partners in order to get access to new opportunities.
e Perform market research on competitive landscape and industry trends
e Capitalized on previous relationships and performed market research
e Drove revenue and secured new business
e Captured significant competitive business and presented optimum solutions
THC Inc.
Technical Recruiter
May 2018- December 2018
e Responsible for prospecting new leads and closing those leads into new business.
e Contract management and client relations.
