e Skilled in outside sales and target cold calling while consistently seeking new opportunities.
e Demonstrated excellent technical recruiting skills, candidate screening, interview preparation and scheduling.
e Actively helped candidates to improve their resumes to help them stand out to our clients and the specifics of
the job requirements.
e Actively navigated through job boards such as Monster, indeed, Career Builder, Zip Recruiter and LinkedIn.
e Utilized the Boolean logic with additional search capabilities for proper candidate sourcing.
e Worked closely with hiring managers, C-level executives, with a focus to grow client accounts while exceeding
expectations.
e Consistently worked closely with candidates to prepare them for interviews and see them through from initial
contact to the close and continued to stay in touch with them as they move into new positions.
MCO SOLUTION, KOLKATA August 2016 — December 2017
HADOOP DEVELOPER
e Designed and developed Hive queries (HiveQL) as per the business requirement.
e Manage and review Hadoop log files, File system management and monitoring.
e Analyzed data by performing Hive queries and running Pig scripts to study customer behavior.
e Sqooped data from MySQL to Hadoop.
e Developed multiple MapReduce jobs using java for data cleaning and pre-processing.
e Installed and configured Pig and also written Pig Latin scripts.
e Imported/Exported data using Sqoop to load data from MySQL to HDFS/Hive on regular basis.
e Written Hive queries for ad-hoc reporting to the business.
e Worked with Structured and Unstructured data
e Written in shell scripting languages and managed to reviewing Hadoop log files.
e Involved on recruiting and trained them to perform as junior Hadoop developer.
e Developed Pig Latin scripts to extract the data from the web server output files to load into HDFS.
e Involved in loading data from LINUX and UNIX file system to HDFS.
Note: Email or message would be best idea to reach me. Due to irrelevant job calls, stopped incoming service for all unknown phone numbers.
