CHILUKA SHAILAJA
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Driven Machine Learning Engineer ready to thrive in demanding Artificial Intelligence (Al)
processing environments. Well-informed on the latest Machine learning (ML) advancements,
Deep learning (DL) and NLP. Ready to combine tireless hunger for new skills with desire to
exploit cutting-edge Data Science and Artificial Intelligence technology.
WORK HISTORY
Machine Learning Engineer (2020/09 - Present)
Future Tech IT Global Services, Hyderabad, Telangana
Worked with R&D team in Machine Learning and Deep Learning models
Worked on driver’s license confidentiality and verification approach using Image classification
on DL model.
Al integrated features and models have been developed for a bike taxi application and
exposed to Al integrated APIs to Cloud utilities.
Analysed and Built a Custom Chatbot assistant using NLP technology for an application.
Currently working in the R&D team to elaborate different conceptual and practically endorsed
Al features for an Autonomous Vehicle Techstack(Al) such as geofencing, Lane detecting, path
planning, auto switching modes of vehicle engine and many as such.
Machine Learning Intern (2020/03 - 2020/08)
Artificial Penetration Software Solutions, Hyderabad, Telangana
Excelled in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, open CV and
Python programming.
Translated benefits of machine learning technology for non-technical audiences, including
cost/benefit analyses.
Created and presented models using Machine Learning tools that computed best accuracy to
the Managing Holders.
Developed and implemented Deep learning concepts( RNN, CNN, ANN) to improve the model
in Traffic Signs Detection.
Social distancing an open source project was developed which can automatically estimate
interpersonal distance from uncalibrated RGB cameras.
Constructed a language model to accomplish Named Entity Recognition, Machine Translation
and Spellchecker which gave an excellent performance to extract information from the given
context.
Created data visualization graphics, translating complex data sets into comprehensive visual
representations.
Maintained positive business relationships with both internal personnel and external data
solution providers.
lIOT Intern (2018/01 — 2018/07)
Smart Bridge Educational services pvt Itd., Hyderabad, Telangana
Exposed to various Hardware and Software components in the Domain - ‘Internet of Things’
using Arduino programming.
