Debasis Panda
Accomplished Senior Software Developer with 3+ years' experience leading projects by acting as a collaborator and mentor. A passionate
team player who likes to resolve problems in a innovative way.
Mx debasispanda999@gmail.com
Q Bhubaneswar, India
©) github.com/teddcp2
WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior Software Engineer
Wipro Technology
05/2018 - Present
Tasks
© Supported in the development and deployment of a web
application to AWS for processing resumes end to end which in
turn reduced the processing time up to 40-50%.
© Participated in developing another web application which will
parse the grievance form with in 1 minute andcollect the
Factual events that would have caused it.
® Developed a predictive solution which classifies a complaint
Formas product complaint or an adverse event , with a 88%
correctness.
® Conceptualized and implemented a predictive model to detect
the presence of barcodes from the images which lessened the
processing time up to 1.5 hour For an analyst
© Devised a named-entity recognition model to label the entity
From the given sentences with a 92% accuracy.
e Pioneered development of a multi-class classification model to
evaluate the seriousness pattern from the patient's complaints
which will signify the level of impact.
® Curated an intelligent dashboard(BI report) that provides
different insights based on the data collected From different
sources within 4 months.
® Developed a conversational skill based on Alexa to guide the
lab analysts on hazardous spills.
EDUCATION
B.TECH , CSE
Silicon Institute of Technology
07/2014 - 04/2018 8.7 CGPA
Achievements
® Major project on SMOTE
analysis got published on
our college journal
e Awarded for securing 3rd
rank of my 2nd year
7978019717
Ua <qxel nee) aaVAlayAucxeleres)
stackoverflow.com/story/tedd
 
SKILLS
PERSONAL PROJECTS
Todo App on Heroku (01/2021 - 02/2021)
© Designed a todo CRUD app to test the Functionalities and deployed to
Heroku
Real-time Task List App (09/2019 - 10/2019)
© A real time app where you can add list of different tasks which will
reflect instantly across all the user sessions.
Dummy YouTube app (07/2019 - 08/2019)
@ A fictional YouTube video site on which a video will be played with the
options on a given search
ACHIEVEMENTS
Creativity and Innovation
For innovative ideas and expert thinking toward application design
Best Performer award
For taking the ownership and enhancing the modules consistently on
quarter 2, 2079.
Extraordinary Commitment
For developing the customer web application end to end
LANGUAGES
English Odia
Full Professional Proficiency Full Professional Proficiency
INTERESTS
Cooking Travelling watching animes
surfing on Stack Overflow
