Intrusion Detection System Using Auto-encoder | Tech Stack: Python
e Inthis project when the new request comes it checks if it is normal or not. Training is done with nb-15 Datasets. And implemented
with Auto-encoder and Keras.
Comparison Between Restic and Snapmirror | Tech Stack: Python
e Inthis project, it will find which backup system is best-suited restic or snapmirror by doing some testing and analyzing.
PDF to Word conversion | Tech Stack: C#, OpenCV
e Inthis project convert pdf document into word document with OCR. Users will upload the pdf or give a pdf path and then the text is
shown on board and the User can Save it to a word file.
Online Banking System | Tech Stack: C#, Oracle DB
e Inthis project, User will open their account and after that, they can transfer the money from one account to another. And also able
to request the withdrawal request and also some banking services.
Codester Online IDE | Tech Stack: Java, JSP
e Inthis project, the User will compile their C, C++, and Java code on online IDE. Context hoster can host the context and students
can register in the context, give coding round and the system will automatically calculate the result and mail it to students by their
rank.
POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITIES
Teaching Assistant for Artificial Intelligence '20 - '20
BITS Pilani
Worked as a teaching assistant in "Artificial Intelligence". Conducted lab and helped professor in exam evaluations.
Teaching Assistant for Neural Network and Fuzzy Logic '20 - '20
BITS Pilani
Worked as a teaching assistant in "Neural Network and Fuzzy Logic". Conducted lab and helped professor in exam evaluations.
Teaching Assistant for Object Oriented Programming 19 - '19
BITS Pilani
Worked as a teaching assistant in "Object-Oriented Programming". Conducted lab and helped professor in exam evaluations.
CERTIFICATIONS
e Coursera Certifications: Machine learning | Convolutional Neural Networks | Image Denoising Using AutoEncoders in Keras |
Build a Machine Learning Web App with Streamlit and Python | Classification with Transfer Learning in Keras
e Udemy Certifications: Complete Python Bootcamp| Deep Learning with Python Keras | Natural Language Processing |
Introduction to Generative Adversarial Networks | DevOps Project | Kubernetes On The Cloud & The CNCF CKA_ | Web Scraping
with Python | Introduction to Machine Learning for Data Science
¢ TABLEAU DESKTOP CERTIFIED PROFESSIONAL (Valid till 2024)
RESEARCH PAPER
e Emotion Recognition Using Multimodalities in Hybrid Intelligent Systems. HIS 2020
DOI: 10.1007/978-3-030-73050-5_31
Journal: Springer
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
e Languages: English (working experience), Gujarati (native), Hindi
