 
Dhruv Banerjee
p Core Competencies
Supervised Learning (Regression, Classification, Hyperparameter Tuning)
Unsupervised Learning (Principal Components Analysis, K-Means, Agglomerative clustering)
Python (Numpy, Pandas)
Data Analysis & Interpretation (Statistical inferences)
Data Visualization (Tableau, Power BI, Python Matplotlib and Seaborn)
Natural Language processing.
Deployment Flask and Django
Excel VBA
SQL
a Work Experience
LogicServe- (17 March 2021 - present)
Data Analyst - Data Science
Key Result Areas:
AutoMP - Offline to online product using Apache airflow and PostgreSQL. Created a Flask application with
the help of Docker and deployed it in AWS.
Lead Scoring Predictive Model: Lead Score probability generated and assigned to each lead which will
improve the efficiency of the call center
Clustering model for market segmentation: Building a k-means clustering model for market segmentation
which helps in targeted and personalized advertisement to similar group of customers.
Sentiment analysis: Sentiment analysis of all the reviews of an android app.
G4S Corporate Services - 6 months (2™ July 2019 - 3"4 January 2020)
Assistant Manager - HR Analytics
Key Result Areas:
Aon Hewitt - 3 Years, 4 months (34 March 2016 to 29% June 2019)
Senior Analyst
Key Result Areas:
Incentive Calculation and insights: Analysis and visualization in excel and Tableau of operations
incentive for 500 employees. Extracted data from SQL and coordinated with various team.
Employee attrition prediction: Developed a model to determine the probability for an employee to resign.
Employee promotion analysis: The model predicts whether an employee should be promoted or not.
Participating in various compensation surveys and benchmarking G4S roles with survey jobs.
 
Incentive-Analyzer: Helped in building a model for our product which predicts the bonus, Long term
incentives of jobs using Linear Regression.
Gender Pay Equity analysis: Used regression analysis to determine the difference between total salary of
male and female employees of an organization.
New Hire pay analyzer: Developed a model which helps an organization to determine the compensation
that a new potential new hire can be provided with help of linear regression as per the organization and
market standards.
