DISHA SHAH
M.TECH | DATA SCIENTIST
 
CONTACT
 
Phone: +91-9920685009
Date of Birth : 1Oth May 1991
Email: shahdishal991@gmail.com
Linkedin:
https:/Awww.linkedin.com/in/
disha-shah-59508249/
SKILLS
 
e Python
e Power Bl
e Machine Learning
e Time Series Analysis
e Data Mining
e Deep Learning
e Artificial Intelligence
e R programming
e SQL server
e Mongo DB
e Docker
e Team Management
e Tableau
e WEKA
e IBM SPSS Statistical Software
WORK EXPERIENCE(6.3 YEARS)
Data Science Specialist
Hindustan Unilever Pvt. Ltd. (Mumbai)
NOV 2020 - PRESENT
1. Price Tier Evolution Forecasting:
Developed scalable predictive modelling technique to define the relevant drivers
followed by an econometric regression analysis at aggregate market level.
For all the four price tiers (Value, Mainstream, Premium, and Super-premium), share of
volume has been modelled by using Multi-level modelling techniques.
Developed LSTM (Long Short Term Memory) and GAM(Generalized Additive Model) for
the following business:
1.Brand positioning & Volume expectations
2.Changes in each price tiers based on changes in macro-economic & shopper variables
3.Focus on which price tier due to its likelihood of growth
Outcome of the forecasting are sales forecast trend and Drivers’ uplifts.
2. Time Series Forecasting:
Business Winning scalable approach to project monthly share change.
Developed time series SARIMAX model for monthly seasonality and annual
downward/upward movement.
Validated actual vs. predicted UL LI2W and MAT share change direction.
Developed time series forecasting for 483 cells (country + category).
3. Marketing Mix Modelling (MMM):
Modelling approach that quantifies the impact of marketing drivers on sales and enables
investment optimization.
Developed Multiple linear regression algorithm to identify the most effective channel
(Price, Promotion, Distribution and Media) to achieve maximum returns (ROI).
Dynamic mix optimization strategic is used to differentiate between base and
incremental sales.
Brand Power represents the ease with which a product or brand comes to mind for a
consumer which in turn gives us a prediction of the brands volume share.
The results from MMM enable fact-based decision-making, which leads to more effective
spend, driving greater growth.
Analytical Advisory Analyst
Accenture Solutions Pvt. Ltd. (Mumbai)
JAN 2019 - NOV 2020
1.Telecom Industry
e Implemented Customer Sentimental Analysis for Telecom Products using Python
Jupyter Notebook and visualization is done using Power BI tool.
e Performed data gathering, data pre-processing, feature engineering and modeling
for analyzing the customer sentiments.
e Managed and guided the team members to meet the timelines.
e Identified the revenue leakages for combined billed products by using Lavastorm
tool.
2. Retail Analytics
e Implemented Parallel Processing of data in R by using "Parallel" Package to
decrease processing time of millions of data and to increase the model efficiency.
Code is parallelized by Socket approach i.e. PSOCK
e Implemented forecasting models like Trend Decomposition, UCM, XGBoost and
Prophet and compared the performances to predict the inventory of each store
using pre-season and In-season planning.
Forecasted time series data based on an additive model where non-linear trends
are fitted with yearly, weekly, and daily seasonality, plus holiday effects or large
events that impacts business time series.
