DISHA SHAH
M.TECH | DATA SCIENTIST
 
EDUCATION
 
M.TECH in Computer Science
(2015-2017)
NMIMS, NMIMS University
3.95/4 CGPA
B.E. in Information
Technology (2009-2013)
Thakur College,Mumbal
University
74%
HSC (2009)
T.P.Bhatia, MSBSHSE
75%
SSC (2007)
St.Lawrence High School,
MSBSHSE
80%
ACADEMIC
PROJECTS
 
1. Prediction of
Cardiovascular Diseases
using Data Mining
e Description- Prediction of
heart diseases using
machine learning
techniques like SVM, Naive
Bayes, Logistic Regression
and Neural Network.
2. VOIP (Voice Over Internet
Protocol)
e Description-VOIP exhibits
chatting, video
chatting/conferencing,
whiteboard sharing, screen
sharing between two users
on LAN.
3. Shell CRM
Performed data pre-processing for Post campaign analysis(PCA) by sampling the
data further to reduce processor running time and memory requirements and
implemented standard and an adhoc queries from 11 different markets.
Implemented Random forest technique for selecting fields from the data that are
relevant to clients queries and calculated KPI's like uplift, ROI,C3,C5.
Implemented Logistic Regression for predicting the future customer churn by
building the model that relates the behavior of customer before the churn
happened to the responses of the customer already have churned.
Machine Learning Engineer
Powerweave Software Services Pvt. Ltd. (Mumbai)
JUL 2017 - DEC 2018
1.
3.
Marketing Automation
Developed recommender system using Collaborative Filtering like User-based and
Item-based CF.
Developed a rule based machine learning method called association rules for
product personalisation.
Developed Apriori algorithm for generating association rules in recommendation
system.
Developed evaluation of the recommender engine using statistical accuracy
metrics.
Optimized the performance of recommender system through re-learning
mechanism.
Worked with database team on integration of recommender with mailchimp and
google analytics reports.
. Fintech Strategy Application
financial strategies like Mean Reversion, Pair's Trade, Asset
Allocation, Commitment of Traders (COT), Commodity Momentum, Weekly Option
Developed
Trade, Agreement in Moving Averages etc. on Equities, Commodities & Options.
Integrated API's from various financial sources and developed strategic insights
for stock markets.
Worked with the outsourcing team on UX/UI designs and its integration with RYPE
application.
Ensured quality standards are maintained as per organization's policy by
conducting Self & Peer reviews.
Conducted
members.
transfer of technical and domain (business) knowledge to team
Time Series Forecasting for Mondeléz International Inc.
Developed a procurement strategy for Cadbury, a subsidiary of Mondeléz
International Inc.
Developed a univariate time series models like Autoregressive Integrated Moving
Average (ARIMA) to make predictions on the future time points.
Developed time series modelling on a volatile commodity like Cocoa to manage
risks and control the impact of fluctuating prices.
