EBIN K THOMAS
Mobile: +91 9496357986 Email: ebinkl1O0@gmail.com Nationality: Indian
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
e Data Scientist with a strong background in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Natural Language
Processing (NLP), Python and Statistics.
e Worked on various POC on Machine Learning Projects and Transformer based models.
e Played Key roles in Design, Development, Testing, Maintenance and Troubleshooting.
e Proficient in major data analytics and visualization tools like Python.
e Experienced in Requirement Gathering & Analysis, coordinating the project activity between team and
client.
WORK EXPERIENCE
INFOSYS Bangalore, India
Senior Associate Consultant — Data science Jan 19-Present
Infosys Intelligent Assistant (IIA)
Technologies: Python, Angular, Flask, Mongo DB
Models Used : Logistic Regression, Naive Bayes, Random Forest, XG Boost.
Description: The motive of this tool is to reduce the resources of L1 support in Maintenance projects. It reduces the
human intervention needed to classify and assigning the tickets and helps to resolve the repeated tickets.
e Implemented with four algorithms Logistic Regression, Random Forest, Naive Bayes and XG Boost. These
algorithms are used to train the historical tickets and then to classify the tickets and also assign to the available
support engineer.
e Implemented with other features showing the related tickets based on the historical tickets by using the
Word2vec algorithm.
e Repeated tickets can be automatically resolved by invoking the python scripts.
Responsibilities:
e Worked on the training module and retraining module on implementing the algorithms to train the historical
tickets.
e Worked on the Data Pre-processing for different internal accounts and demonstrated and installed the IIA in
many key accounts.
e Worked on the integration with different ITSM tools (SNOW,JIRA) for getting the tickets and updating the tickets
from the IIA tool.
e Implemented Solution to Related Tickets functionality using Word2Vecmodel.
Infosys Fraud Detection
Technologies: Python, PyTorch, Angular, Flask, Mongo DB
Models Used: LSTM
Description: To identify an employee is potential fraud or not.
Responsibilities:
e The background verification takes 2-3 months of time and usually done with help of third party vendors.
e To avoid the delay in the background verification process.
e Implemented a deep learning model to predict the data is fraudulent or not.
