Twinkle Vatwani
Phone: +91-7435921620 | Email: vatwanitwinklel3@gmail.com
 
Education Summary
Post Graduate Program in Data Science, Business Analytics & Big Data Data scientist with 2 years of
Aegis School of Business, Data Science, Cyber Security & Telecommunications 2017-2018 experience in developing ML/AI
Bachelor’s of Engineering in Electronics and Communication solutions to deliver insights and
C.K. Pithawala College of Engineering and Technology, Surat. 2013-2017 helping business take informed
decisions.
Experience
Skills
Freelancer March 2021- October 2021
e Working with a leading beverage company in UAE as Data Scientist.
My work includes analyzing the customer demands based on the| ® Machine Learning
product search generated and build the recommendation system for the} e Python
customers. NLP
e Working on the sales data to create automated and dynamic dashboard
for analyzing the company’s performance and forecasting future sales. | ° Text Analysis
e Predictive Modelling
Data Scientist,Datalabs July 2018 — December 2019 | e Voice Analysis
HDFC LIFE INSURANCE, Bangalore e Data Visualization
e Email Sentiment Analyzer (NLP): To identify the sentiment of
customer emails to take an early action on risky customers to avoid ¢ SQL
policy lapse. (NLTK, Wordnet).
e Voice Analytics: A solution to identify the sentiment of customer call
recordings. Interests
e Customer Segmentation: Clustered the entire customer base (~1 Cr)
into 12 segments that have similar characteristics, priorities and| e Reading
interests for (Predictive Modelling, K- Means Clustering) e Doddling
e Experience in Chatbot frameworks like RASA,DialogFlow ,wit.ai etc.,
also good knowledge of text analytics.
e Built an automated script to check the bot performance.
e Worked with digital marketing team for building a classification and
segmentation model to check the performance of various campaigns run
by the team
Technical Skills
e Travelling
Machine Learning
Linear regression, Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forest,
GBM, XgBoost, SVM, Naive Bayes, K- Means Clustering.
Natural Language Processing
Text Processing, Web Scrapping, Sentiment Analysis, Regular Expressions.
Programming Languages & Tools
Python, R, SQL
Data Visualization
Qliksense, Tableau
 
