Technical Details:
e Languages: Python
e Technologies: Machine Learning, NLP, MS-SQL, 83, API, Docker
Project Details
Project: Identification of Check boxes in PDF’s
Description: Check box (OpenCV) detection and retrieve the values for that check box is major task where
Check box location is not fixed and identical in all pdfs. This Check box detection is not applicable to universal
documents. It is constrained to COIMS, MedWatch, SAE forms which can be in any language.
Project: Article Identification
Description: Client Database has tons of pdf documents. These documents contain Literature articles which are
related to Medical domain. Manually identifying those Literature articles and analyzing them is very difficult
because of Literature documents contain 10:1 ratio. So, we have developed a Machine Learning model (Random
Forest Algorithm) to identify either the document is Literature or not. ML model works based on the keyword’s
availability in the document.
Project: Detection of Table in PDF’s
Description: Detecting Table (CNN) in the pdf which also helps in data extraction while do reading literature
articles these table creates lot of noise in plain. So, identifying and removing that text in pdf reduces the noise in
NLP on pdf text.
Project: Identifying the Lines in Images in PDF’s
Description: Lines detection (OpenCV) is not a simple task in Scanned Image PDFs. These Lines detection 1s
necessary in Data extraction of those Images PDF’s. With the help OpenCV and post-processing, lines in CIOMS
& MedWatch can be detected. After detecting those line data extraction from the Images pdf can be easy not
Project: Database Administrator
Role: SQL Server DBA
Environment: SQL Server 2008/2008R2/2012, Windows 2008, Windows 2008 R2, VMware, Clustered,
Profiler, Tuning Adviser.
Description: The Vanguard Group is an American investment management company that manages
approximately trillions in assets. It is the largest provider of mutual funds and now the second-largest provider of
exchange traded funds.
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the particulars mentioned in the resume are best of my knowledge and belief.
Date:
Place: Bangalore Vikram
