Product name : Epro
Company : Amnet Digital
Client : CDW
Tools and Technique used ~ : Python, Citrix Workspace( Virtual Machine), Microsoft SQL
Server(MSSQL).
About Product : Electronic Procurement, or e-Procurement, is the business to
business purchase of products or services through the Internet and other networking systems.
ERP/SRM system 1.e., E-commerce for business.
About Client : CDW Corporation is a leading multi-brand provider of
information technology solutions to business, government, education and healthcare customers in
the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada.
Roles and Responsibilities —: Collecting data from Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) using
SQL Queries from multiple databases and tables as per business requirements.
Connecting and Extracting data from Apache Hive tables using PySpark and performing
transformations using Spark SQL. Handling Imbalanced data/classes using SMOTE.
Implementing End-to-End Data Science pipelines such as Problem scoping, Data
Gathering/Collection, Data Analysis, Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA), Model
Training/Modelling/Evaluation/Validation, Model Monitoring and maintenance.
Worked on advanced boosting algorithms such as CatBoost, LightGBM etc. Monitoring
Model/Data Drift and Debugging Code, Re-training models.
Preparing presentations(PPT) based on insights generated to business clients.
Proof of Concepts (POC) Projects
Projectl):
Project details : Real Time Signature Extraction From Documents
Tools and Technique used ~ : Python, OpenCV, Numpy, Pandas
Architecture used : YOLOV4
Data Annotation Tool used : Labellmg
Roles and Responsibilities |: Responsible for collecting document data (images) from different
sources through the internet and outside world.
Conversion of pdf files into images as part of preprocessing.
Done data annotation using open source Labellmg tool.
Built model to extract signature from documents using YOLOv4 architecture.
Project2):
Project details : Real Time Logo and Stamp Extraction From Documents
Roles and Responsibilities |: Responsible for collecting document data (images) from different
sources through the internet and outside world.
Conversion of pdf files into images as part of preprocessing.
Done data annotation using open source Labellmg tool.
Built model to extract logo and stamp from documents using YOLOv4 architecture.
